Doofelations Season 1:1 | Rollercoaster

(Perry walks around the corner of the house. He jumps up, puts on a fedora and walks into a hole in the wall. He goes down a lift, into a lair, where he gets an "Incoming Message".)
Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P. The evil Dr. Doofenshmirtz is up to his old tricks. For reasons unknown to us, he bought up 80% of the country's tin foil. I want you to get over to his hideout right away. Find out what he's up to and put a stop to it. As always Agent P, it is important that your cover identity as a mindless domestic pet remains intact. Now, get out there. We're all counting on you.
(Agent P jumps into a platypus-themed hovercraft, and flies tough a tunnel. He leaves through a stone and holds his fedora down to hide from Phineas and Ferb.)
Phineas: So, the way I see it, the fuel rockets kick in at the mall's parking lot, then we release the snakes during the corkscrew at the interstate. I'm gonna go get the snakes.
(Ferb puts on his mask and starts using the blowtorch.)

(The camera zooms in on Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated.)
(Agent P swings into the building)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus, what an unexpected surprise. And by unexpected, I mean: COMPLETELY EXPECTED!
(Doofenshmirtz presses a button, which activates arms that grabs Agent P.)
Doofenshmirtz: I, Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz, have covered the entire eastern seaboard in tin foil, and when I put my giant magnet, next to my genius, Magnetism Magnifier, I will pull the East, in westerly direction, thereby reversing the rotation of the earth. You may ask yourself, why would he do this? What could he possibly have to gain? Well, let me just answer that question, I haven't really worked on all the bugs yet. I mean, tin foil alone costs a lot.

(The car zooms around the Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated building.)
Doofenshmirtz: ...I really make of my money back, I-I-I want a really spacey real estate, and sell it again.
(Agent P sends a screw at Doofenshmirtz, which he ducks for.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha! You missed!
(The screw flies to the roof and hitting a line, which throws it back at Doofenshmirtz's foot.)
Doofenshmirtz: Aaaoow!! Ow, Ow, Ow, Aaooww!
(Doofenshmirtz jumps around and accidentally releases Agent P, who quickly attacks him.) (Agent P hits Doofenshmitz's foot.) Aaaoow!! (During the fight, Doofenshmirtz activates the Magnetism Magnifier.)
Doofenshmirtz: Now you are too late! Quake in your boots and watch helplessly, as the unimaginable electromagnetic forces, pull the eastern seaboard, thereby reversing the rotation of the Ea--
(All the tin foil releases from the buildings)
Doofenshmirtz: Well... that didn't work.
(The tin foil forms into a giant ball, flying through the air)
Doofenshmirtz: And now, we have a two-ton ball of tin foil traveling 200 miles per hour directly at us! Quickly, we must separate the magnet from the Magnifier before it's too late!

(Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated building)
Doofenshmirtz: It's no use! It's no use! We are doomed!
(Agent P sees a helicopter. He jumps onto the magnet and fires a grappling hook at it. He quickly wraps some of the rope around the magnet. The helicopter flies off, taking the magnet with it.) 
Doofenshmirtz: You did it! You saved us, Perry the Platypus! (The ball of tin foil crashes through the building.) Curse you, Perry the Platypus!
(The magnet pulls a piece of the Magnetism Magnifier onto it, and gets stuck on the coaster, which then follows the helicopter into the sky.)

Phineas: So, what should we do tomorrow? There's a world of possibilities. (pause) Maybe we should make a list!
(The coaster car explodes in the tree, a car alarm and a dog barking can be heard.)
Candace: (from inside) Mom!!
Linda: (from inside) Give it a rest, Candace!
(The tin foil ball rolls in the background while Doofenshmirtz was still crushed.)

Doofelations Season 1:2 | Lawn Gnome Beach Party of Terror

(Perry walks to a mushroom in the backyard and drops down into his lair)
Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P. Lawn gnomes across the Tri-State Area are disappearing, leaving thousands of gardens unprotected from the evils of black magic. We suspect Doofenshmirtz. Get right on it.

♪ Perry! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: (chuckles) Yes, yes! Just look at the bounty of gnome riches! Oh, this is a strange one. (The lawn gnome punches Doof in the face) Wait, who are you? (Perry takes off his fake beard and gnome hat) ... A platypus? ... (Perry puts on his fedora) PERRY THE PLATYPUS?! You are mine now! (Presses button, the garage door opens) Oh no, wait, wait, wait. That was the garage door opener. You are mine now! (Presses button, large monitor activates) And that was the TV remote. I've got to start labeling these things. Aha! YOU ARE MINE NOW! (Presses button, the cage falls on top of Perry, laughs maniacally) Finally, I will rid myself of you! (brings out another control) But first, turn your attention to the giant screen and... (the garage door closes) Hmm, maybe I need to turn the cable on first?
(Cuts to the backyard beach.)

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, I think I finally got the right one. Now, Perry the Platypus, (Shines flashlight on him) you will finally understand...my PAIN! (presses remote)
(Flashback)
Doofenshmirtz: (narrating) Back in Gimmelshtump in the days of my youth, the Doofenshmirtzs' were a proud family. But those were lean times for my father and our beloved lawn gnome was repossessed. Who would protect our zatzenfruit garden from those witches, spells, and wood trolls? From a tender age, my father decided that it would be me.
Mr. Doofenshmirtz: Bewege dich nicht! ("Don't move!")
Doofenshmirtz: (narrating) While the other children played Kick-the-Schtumpel and eat Doonkelberries, I would stand for hours.
Mr. Doofenshmirtz: Bewege dich nicht!
Doofenshmirtz: (narrating) All through the cold night as the Spitzenhounds howled, my only companion was the moon. And my neighbor Kenny.
Mr. Doofenshmirtz: Bewege dich nicht!

Doofenshmirtz: And since my lawn gnome was taken away from me, I will destroy every lawn gnome in the entire Tri-State Area! Behold, the Destruct-inator! (He pulls a curtain, revealing the giant machine) And now, Perry the Platypus, to activate my creation! (pushes a button and opens Perry's trap) NOOOO! (Perry hits him)

(Underground, the fight resumes. Perry kicks Doofenshmirtz into a lever, switching it to "Blow" forming a volcano in the middle of the ocean.)
Isabella: Is that a volcano?
(Volcano blows up, rapidly shooting out gnomes)
Stanky Dog: GNOOOOOMES!!! (Gnome hits him) Oof!
Man: Run for your lives!! It's gnome-ageddon!!!(People run away screaming as gnome continue raining down)
Man #2: Who's protecting our gardens?!!

(As the fight continues underground, Perry hits the lever in Doof's face. As that happens, it switched from Blow to Suck.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oof! (The volcano starts sucking down all of the water, splashing down on Perry and Doof.)

Doofelations Season 1:3 | Flop Starz

(Episode opens up in a TV in the dining room of the Flynn-Fletcher house. On the TV, there is a commercial which is on the stage. A kid is featured.)
Kid: (off-key) ♪ I met my love in a -- ♪ (gets hit by a huge boxing glove) OW!
Phil: Oh, boy! Did that kid stink or what? But maybe YOU'VE got what it takes to be: The Next Super American Pop Teen Idol Star! Auditions open today at the Googolplex Mall in beautiful downtown Danville.
(Zooms out to the dining room while he's speaking.)
Candace: Auditions! Today?!
Phil: Yes, today! At two o'clock sharp.
Candace: (Grabs the TV and kisses it) I gotta tell Stacy! (Runs, bringing the TV with her and falls)
Phineas: That pop star stuff might be fun at first, but then you'd be stuck with a dead end job. Too bad you can't just do it once and move on.
Linda: Well, what you're talking about is a one-hit wonder.
Phineas: One-hit wonder? What's that?
Linda: Well, a musical act goes to the top of the charts with a catchy tune and meaningless lyrics...

(Flashes back to a time when Linda was known as a singer named Lindana.)

(Song: "I'm Lindana and I Wanna Have Fun!")
Singers: ♪ She's Lindana! ♪
Lindana: ♪ I'm Lindana and I wanna have fun! ♪l
Singers: ♪ She wants to have fun ♪
Lindana: ♪ I'm Lindana and I wanna have fun! ♪
Singers: ♪ She's Lindana ♪
Lindana: ♪ I'm Lindana and I wanna have fun! ♪
Singers: ♪ She wants to have fun ♪
Lindana: ♪ I wanna, wanna, wanna have ♪
Singers and Lindana: Fun fun fun!

(In the middle of the song:)
Linda: (voiceover) Then they throw a big diva tantrum, lose their label, then fade to obscurity. Before they know it, their song ends up as: elevator music. Years later, they have a reunion concert... (Cuts back to her in the dining room upset.) And after that, they never sing again. And no one... remembers them. (stares off into space, but quickly turns back to Phineas and Ferb) Not that I would know anything about that.
Phineas: (writing) A one-hit wonder... (Shows checklist, listing in order: Hit record, Diva tantrum, Elevator music, Reunion tour) Ferb, I know what we're gonna do today.
(Ferb strums a guitar.)

(In Candace's room)
Candace: But Stacy, what am I going to sing?
Stacy: Hello, what are you gonna wear?
Candace: Hmmm... (In a montage, it cuts to her wearing a blue gown.) What do you think?
Stacy: Too much. (Candace wears a bikini; now offscreen.) Too little. (Candace wears a pinafore.) Ugh, too clean. (Candace wears torn cords and a hippie t-shirt.) Too dirty. (Candace wears a street clothing.) Too street. (Candace wears a goth suit.) Too goth. Where'd you get that?
(Candace wears a Lindana costume.)
Candace: (wearing a Lindana costume) My mom's closet. You like it?
Stacy: Nah, too retro.
(Candace tries more other outfits: a construction uniform, indian clothes, cowgirl duds, biking clothes, a sailor suit, a gorilla costume, a spacesuit, a clown costume, and finally ends up with her trademark clothing.)
Stacy: Perfect!
Candace: Nice, huh?
Stacy: Yeah, you should've tried that on first.
Candace: Let's go!

(They pass by Phineas and Ferb in their bedroom; Phineas is on the floor writing.)
Phineas: "Chika, chika, choo...wah". Meaningless lyrics done. (To Ferb) How's the catchy tune coming along? (Ferb presses a key on the computer keyboard, producing a piano sound in the key of D.) Excellent! We'll be done by lunch! Hey, where'd Perry go?
(In the bathroom, Perry flushes himself in the toilet and then swims over his headquarters.)

(In Agent P's liar...)
Major Monogram: Hello? Hello-oo? Anybody there? (Perry crashes down, full of water) Oh, good morning Agent P. We just received word that Dr. Doofenshmirtz has been buying up construction toys at an alarming rate. We need you to find out what he's up to and put a stop to it.
(Perry salutes and leaves with his scooter, and stops at the red light. Linda's car stops beside him, and she glances; then when she realized it, Perry puts a pair of Groucho glasses on and Linda just shrugs. The green light then appears and he zooms away.)

♪ (Perry)! ♪

(At the mall)
Linda: We'll meet back in the entrance in an hour.

(Inside...)
Candace: Come on, Stacy! We gotta hurry so we could get a spot in li -- yayaya. (realized the line's too long) I've never sang in front of so many people!
Stacy: Uh, Candace? (shows her a LOT more people in the audience)
Candace: (gasps) I can't do this.
Stacy: Oh yes, you can! You're not a quitter; you're a fighter!
Candace: I am?
Stacy: Sure you are! You're a lean, mean, singing machine! (Candace growls and punches the purse as in boxing.) That's it, yeah! Now you're looking like a winner!
(Candace looks like a worn out tiger and drools. Jeremy walks by.)
Jeremy: Hey, Candace.
Candace: (arranges herself) And that is what a gorilla looks like when you try to take away its food. Oh! Hi, Jeremy! Are you auditioning too?
Jeremy: Nah. I came to see this hot new band called PFT. I downloaded their song this morning. It's tight! The hundredth contestant gets to sing onstage with the band!
Candace: Really? (She walks through the entrance and becomes the 100th contestant.)
Jeremy: Hey, looks like that's you.
Phil: Congratulations! You're the hundredth contestant! (Pulls her away and puts her onstage; over speaker) Ladies and gentlemen, this young lady has the honor of singing onstage with PFT. So now, the band you've been waiting for: Phineas and the Ferb-Tones!
(Phineas and Ferb are revealed.)
(Song: "Gitchee Gitchee Goo")
Candace: Phineas?!
Phineas: Candace? You're the hundredth contestant? How serendipitous. This'll be like a brother and sister thing! Now I'm assuming you've heard our hit single. I mean, who hasn't, right? It's a big hit. (gives her sheet music) So here's the words; don't worry if you get lost. The lyrics are meaningless anyway. I'll point when it's your turn. (He steps forward as Candace stares.) Ladies and gentlemen, the Ferbettes! I'm Phineas and this is Ferb, and we're gonna sing a song!
♪ Bow, Chicka, Bow-Wow! ♪
Ferbettes: ♪ That's what my baby says! ♪
Phineas: ♪ Mow-mow-mow! ♪
Ferbettes: ♪ And my heart starts pumping! ♪
Phineas: Chicka-Chicka, Choo Wah! ♪
Phineas/Ferbettes: ♪ Never gonna stop! ♪
All:♪ Gitchee Gitchee Goo means that I love you! ♪
Phineas: ♪ I said a Bow, Chicka, Bow-Wow! ♪
Ferbettes ♪That's what my baby says! ♪
Phineas: ♪ Mow-mow-mow! ♪
Ferbettes: ♪ And my heart starts pumping! ♪
Phineas: ♪ Chicka-Chicka, Choo Wah! ♪
Ferbettes: ♪ Never gonna stop! ♪
All: ♪ Gitchee Gitchee Goo means that I love you! ♪
Phineas: ♪ I said a Bow, Chika, Bow-Wow! ♪ (The music abruptly stops.) Candace!
(Candace looks at her music before throwing it aside.)
Candace: Wait a minute! What are you doing?
Phineas: I'm cuing you?
Candace: How'd you get a hit single?!
Phineas: Well, it wasn't easy. It took most of the morning and half a dozen phone calls. But if you're willing to put in the work-
Candace: That's it! I'm gonna tell Mom!
Phineas: Okay...tell her what?
Candace: (pauses) Ooh, I'm just gonna tell. (She walks offstage)
Phineas/Ferbettes: ♪ Gitchee Gitchee Goo means that I love you! ♪

(Linda is in a store.)
Candace: Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom, you've gotta see this!
Linda: (with disdain) Let me guess. Is it unbelieva- (Candace pushes her) WOOAH!
Candace: Come on, come on, come on!

(Backstage...)
Ben Baxter: Hi, I'm Ben Baxter, Huge-O-Records. Why don't you come by my office in an hour and we can talk about your future.
Phineas: Future? Cool. He must be a psychic.

(Back to Candace and Linda.)
Candace: Come on, come on, come on! (They arrive at the stage; she presents a shadow that appears to be Phineas and Ferb's heads.) See?! There they are onstage!!
Phil: (voiceover) Ladies and gentlemen, once again... (Spotlight lights up to reveal:) Marty the Rabbit Boy and His Musical Blender!
(Marty the Rabbit Boy performs, playing his blender to The Blue Danube Waltz.)
Linda: Hon, we're getting you an eye exam. (pulls her away)
Candace: No, no! Wait!

(Agent P is still driving)
♪ Perry! ♪

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Ha ha, everything is ready! (doorbell rings) Oh, what is it now? (opens the door and saw the disguised Perry) Oh, are you my new temp? Well, let me just get you up to speed. I know it's bit of a mess. I'm just putting the finishing touches of my latest maniacal plan. You see, in a few minutes, I will unleash an unprecedented reign of terror upon the entire... (holds a magnifying glass on the eastern coast of the U.S.) ...Tri-State Area! And Perry the Platypus will never be the wiser. (Perry removes the Groucho glasses) Perry the Platypus? You're a temp? Are times that hard?

(Candace exits the mall wearing glasses.)
Candace: Ugh! I told Mom I don't need glasses! (takes off glasses) What the-- (A PFT bus drives away.) Uh, No! No! Wait! Uggggg... (Candace stops. She turns around, notices a PFT poster on a building and smiles) MMMMMOOOOM?!? (She runs back inside.)

(Camera pans from the building to...)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incor-- ♪

Doofenshmirtz: Sorry, Perry the Platypus, but you are too late!
(pushes a lever that makes the building alive as a robot)

(Linda is still in a store.)
Linda: (wearing a jacket) Ooh, this one's nice.
Candace: Mom! Come here! You've gotta see this!
(She drags her out, setting off the shoplifting alarm.)
Linda: Candace! I haven't payed for this yet!
Guard: Hey!

(The giant building robot wreaks havoc over Danville.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha ha ha ha! When it comes to havoc, nobody wreaks like me! (Perry removes a metal cover of a storage) Wait, wait, wait, you're not supposed to touch that! (Perry removes a wire) Hey, hey, no fair!
(The robot almost steps over the building, but turns around.)

(The PFT bus passes by the building after the robot leaves.)
Isabella: (from inside) Wow, what a great painting! (Cuts to her with Phineas and Ferb in the bus.) How did you get permission for that?
Phineas: Oh, they didn't mind. The building's scheduled for demolition.
(A man presses the lever of a dynamite block. The building gets demolished, along with the poster, just as Candace drags her mom out.)
Candace: Seeeeeee??!! (Linda does not answer. Candace turns and sees the building is gone.) AAAAHHHH!!
Guard: Uh, ma'am, you're gonna have to come back and pay for that.
Linda: (flatly) Yes of course, officer. (follows him)
Candace: AAAAHHHH!!
Guard: Hey, weren't you Lindana?
Linda: Yes, I was! I can't believe you recognized me.
Guard: Well, I was a huge fan. (pauses, serious) You still have to pay for the jacket.
Linda: (flatly) I know.

(Cut back to the robot)
Doofenshmirtz: Very clever, Perry the Platypus. I tried to ignore you, but you forced my hand. (Pushes a button and traps Perry) And now...I shall relax with a nice, tasty deli platter. Oh-ho-ho, where are my manners? (Gives Perry his share) Here you go, Perry the Platypus. Care for some pepper? Just say when. (Continues to pour pepper) Anytime.

(At Huge-O-Records...)
Ben: (from inside) Boys, let me start by saying we love your act and we want to be... (cuts to the boardroom) ...in the Phineas and the Ferb-Tones business. And by the way, aren't you a little young to be pop stars?
(Pause)
Phineas: ...No.
(Another pause)
Ben: Well, okay then! We prepared to offer you a very lucrative contract if you'll just sign exclusively with us for your follow-up single.
Phineas: (suddenly angry) Follow-up single? Who do you think we are, some two-bit hacks who will keep writing new songs just because you pay us obscene amounts of cash?! (He rips up the contract.) Phineas and the Ferb-Tones are strictly a one-hit wonder! (The band enters the elevator.) Good day to you, sir!

(In the elevator, "Gitchee Gitchee Goo" plays as elevator music.)
Phineas: Diva tantrum, check. (Pauses, listens to the "Gitchee Gitchee Goo" elevator music.) Elevator music, check. (Ferb checks off "Elevator music".)

(Cut to the boardroom with the robot approaching.)
Ben: Ah, who needs 'em? We still got this video tape of their performance. We could do live CDs, DVDs, podcasts, heck, we can digitally re-create their images to make our own sitcom! The Phineas and Ferb Show! We could squeeze twenty years of entertainment out of this one video tape.
Manager: (screams) That giant robot's coming right at us!

Doofenshmirtz: (still pouring pepper) Wow, you sure like a lot of pepper. I'm more of a paprika man myself. (Perry blows over the pepper, Dr. D coughs) It will take more than condiments to foil my brilliant plan!
(The robot sneezes them out, and they crash through the Huge-O-Records building)
Ben: The tape!

Doofenshmirtz: AAAAHHH! (Perry loosens the tape's film and successfully lands) AAAAAAAAHHHHH!!! (Lands on a soft mattress) Ooh! What an unbelievable stroke of luck! (The mattress folds in half) Oof! I'm okay! I'm still better than the... (gets stepped over by the robot) Curse you, Perry the Platypus!

(Below...)
Phineas: Oh, there you are, Perry. (Perry chatters; a bus pulls up and they get on.) Come on, guys. We still have one thing left to do.
(The bus pulls away to reveal it reads "PFT Reunion Concert".)

(In Googolplex Mall...)
Phil: And the winner of the day's "Next Super American Pop Teen Idol Star" is... (Screen zooms out to reveal:) Marty the Rabbit Boy and his Musical Blender! Oh, give him a hand! He's going to Hollywood!
(Pan to Candace moping on a bench; Jeremy walks over.)
Jeremy: Hey, Candace. What's wrong?
Candace: I'm better than that guy. Oh, I should've taken blender lessons.
Jeremy: So why did you run off earlier?
Candace: My brothers.
(sighs) They always ruin everything.
Jeremy: Well, you like to sing, right?
Candace: Yeah.
Jeremy: Then you shouldn't let your brothers' fun ruin your good time. You know, if you get a chance to sing, you oughta sing. I gotta go, I'll see you later. (Walks away)

(Song: "Gitchee Gitchee Goo")
(Music beats)
Phineas: (offscreen) Hey Candace.
(Shows the stage for the PFT Reunion Concert)
Phineas (cont'd.): You're still the hundredth contestant, wanna come up and help us out?
(Candace walks onstage.)
Phineas: ♪ Bow, Chicka, Bow-Wow! ♪
Candace: ♪ That's what my baby says! ♪
Phineas: ♪ Mow-mow-mow! ♪
Candace: ♪ And my heart starts pumping! ♪>
Phineas: ♪ Chicka-Chicka, Choo Wah! ♪
Candace: ♪ Never gonna stop! ♪
All: ♪ Gitchee Gitchee Goo means that I love you! ♪
Phineas: ♪ I said a Bow, Chicka, Bow-Wow! ♪
Candace: ♪ That's what my baby says! ♪
Phineas: ♪ Mow-mow-mow! ♪
Candace: ♪ And my heart starts pumping! ♪
Phineas: ♪ Chicka-Chicka, Choo Wah! ♪
Candace: ♪ Never gonna stop! ♪
Phineas/Candace: ♪ Gitchee Gitchee Goo means that I love you! (X2) ♪
♪ Gitchee Gitchee Goo means: That I love you baby, baby, baby! ♪
Ferb: ♪ Baby-baby-baby-baby, ♪
Candace/Phineas: ♪ Gitchee Gitchee Goo means that I love you! ♪
(Crowd cheers)
Candace: That was great! I've been thinking of my brothers all wrong!
They're not a nuisance. They're my ticket to-
Phineas: Thanks, you've been great! This is the last time we're ever gonna sing that song. We're retiring, good night!
(The band walks offstage; the lights switch off, leaving Candace in the dark with her eyes still visible.)
Mall Operator: (via loud speaker) The mall is now closed and will re-open at 9:00 A.M. tomorrow. Thank you for shopping with us.
(Candace's eyes blink then cuts to black, as the guitar stinger plays.)

Doofelations Season 1:4 | The Fast and the Phineas

Phineas: Hey, Ferb. What's the red button for?
(Car continues zooming, Ferb pushes the red button on remote.)
Candace: MOOOOOOOOM!
(The car blasts upward behind her; Linda comes out.)
Linda: What is it? What do you want me to see?
Candace: (gestures toward the boys) Quick!!
Phineas: Hi, Mom!
Linda: Hi, boys! (to Candace) Well, if that's all, I'll just be getting back to the game.
(Candace just stands there, speechless and deadpanned. Just after Linda closes the door, the car lands back onto the road.)
Phineas: Good thing we've beefed up the suspension.

(Ferb makes the car spin.)
Phineas: Woah! What else can it do?
Isabella: (Walks up; dreamy look and voice) Hi, Phineas.
Phineas: Oh, hi, Isabella.
Isabella: What'cha doooooin'?
Phineas: We're entering The Swamp Oil 500 today.
Isabella: Aren't you gonna need a pit crew?
Phineas: Do you know a pit crew?
Isabella: Well... I know a few people who work well together.
Phineas: Great! You're hired! See you at the track.
(To Ferb) Hey Ferb, where's Perry?

(Scene shifts to Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P.
The evil Dr. Doofenshmirtz is up to his old tricks. For reasons completely unknown, he's purchased a giant airship or blimp, as the kids say. Your mission is to find out why, and if necessary, put a stop to it.
♪ Doo be doo be doo ba Doo be doo be doo ba ♪
♪ Perry! ♪

(Scene shifts to the Motor Speedway)
Isabella: (Dreamily) Hi, Phineas. I got your pit crew.
(Show the Fireside Girls lined up behind Isabella)
Phineas: Cool! See ya in the pits.
Isabella: Okay, girls. We're dealing with a 426 cubic inch, fully-blown V8, with hypo lifters, radical cam, and a limited slip differential.
Gretchen: Would that be electronically fuel-injected?

Candace: Phineas?! PHINEAS! PHIN-E-AS!
Man: Hey! I can't hear the cars!
Jeremy: Hey, Candace! I didn't know you were a racing fan!
Candace: Jeremy. (Slaps herself) Who, me? Oh, yeah! Yeah, I'm a big fan of those, uh, uh... that red one is cute!
Jeremy: Oh, that's Billy Ray Digler's car. He's great.
Candace: Yeah, he's the best. That Billy Roy.
Jeremy: Billy Ray.
Candace: Billy Ray. I-I love it when he turns left... and then he turns... left again, and then-

Dave: And in the 3rd lane, the newcomers Team Phineas!
Rick: Now is it just me, or does he look a little young to be behind the wheel of a 700 horse power racing machine?
Dave: Yes. Yes, he does.
Rick: And look, he's already got his own screaming fans!
Candace: (On screen) PHINEAS!
Phineas: Hey, Candace is rooting for us!
Jeremy: Candace, you're on the big screen!
Candace: (On screen, slow mo) PHINEAS!
Jeremy: And your little brother's gonna be on TV!
Candace: Phineas--?
(sees him being interviewed) On TV?
(Stands up) TV! That's it! They are so busted!
Can you wait here for a second? (zips off, but comes back) Thanks. (zips off)


(At the Garcia-Shapiro house)
Linda: (on her cellphone) What is it, Candace?
I'm right in the middle of a 3-No trump.
Candace: (on a payphone at the race) Turn on the TV!
Linda: All right. All right, Candace. This better be good.
(Linda presses a remote, the TV shows static)
Candace: (from the phone) Well? Well? Do you see it?
Linda: Just a second, honey.
Vivian: Turn on the cable box first.
Linda: Hmm. All right.
(Presses another remote, ejecting a CD) Wait. 'Kay, that's not it.
Um, is it this one? No, this is another phone.
♪ -Summer only lasts- ♪
Oh, I turned on the stereo!
Candace: (cringing) Mom, hurry up!!
Linda: Okay, just a second! (Presses the right remote)
TV Narrator: Are you embarrassed about flaking?;

Linda: Candace, this is a dandruff commercial. Is there something you're trying to tell me?

(Cuts immediately to the race track; the race is about to start.)
Phineas: Okay, Ferb. Are we good to go?
(Ferb gives a thumbs up)

Rick: And with the race about to start, there's the Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated blimp!

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus. I'm glad you're here.
Actually, I was just getting ready to serve some PLATYPUS UNDER GLASS!
You're just in time to witness my latest invention... my Deflate-inator Ray!
Which I will demonstrate by deflating the tires of the Jefferson County Motor Speedway!
After which, I will deflate everything in the Tri-State Area!
That way, if anyone want's anything flated, they will have to talk to me.

(Scene shifts to the race track)
Candace: Phineas, you are in big trouble, mister--!
(Cars zoom past her, leaving her burnt.)
Jeremy: Candace, you got a little...
Photographer: (takes picture) Smile! Souvenir picture? Only a dollar.
(Candace looks at her picture. She is burnt and Jeremy is staring confused.)
Candace: AAH! (shakes herself clean) Wait a second.
(Grabs camera, runs off)
Photographer: Hey!
Candace: (Takes a picture of Phineas driving) Ee-ee-ee-ee... now, I gotcha!
Photographer: (Snatches picture) Hey, Missy. Two pictures, two bucks.
Candace: Oh, yeah, uh, I've only got a dollar, but uh, I just want the one. You can just tear the other one up, 'kay?
(The photographer rips one picture.)

Candace: (rides out on bike) I've got 'em, NOW! Heeheehee.

Rick: And on the fast on the inside lane is Number 42, Team Phineas!
Phineas: Hey, Ferb. Do you think we can get any more power? I mean, I know it's just a battery. But I was thinking: Let's open it up and see what this puppy can- (Classic car honking) Uh, Ferb? We're actually slowing down now. Ferb? Hello? (Car suddenly peeds up) OH YEAH! NOW THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKIN' ABOUT!

(Telephone rings)
Isabella: Hey, Ferb. We should bring Phineas in for a pit stop. (The race car enters the pit stop.) All right, Fireside Girls, let's move, move, move!
(The girls work on fixing the car)
Isabella: That helmet looks so manly.
Phineas: Thanks.
Isabella: Hit it, Ferb.
(The car takes off)
I'm so proud of you girls. And the bow was a nice touch, Gretchen.
(Engine whirring)

(In the D.E.I blimp)
Doofenshmirtz: (Laughing) Listen to those fools, as they worship their candy-colored race car man.
How about a little demonstration of my deflationary prowess?
(Fires laser)

(The ray fires to the race track)
Man #2: I got it!
(The ray hits the beach ball, which starts hissing. Tires screeching)
Race Car Driver: AAH! (Tires screeching, rams a sign)

(Song: "Go, Go, Phineas")
(Crash)
Rick: The Team Phineas car is avoiding every obstacle! It's like he can see the whole darn track at once!
(Guitar solo)
Isabella/Fireside Girls: ♪ Go Phineas! Go, go Phineas! (X2) ♪
Phineas: OH YEAH!
Isabella/Fireside Girls: ♪ Go Phineas! Go, go Phineas! (X2) ♪
Racers: We're okay! (Car zooms by)

(At the Garcia-Shapiro house...)
Candace: (from inside) Well Mom, what do you think of this?
(Cuts to inside)
Linda: You've...looked better.
Candace: Huh? What do you mean--? (looks at picture, starts to cringe)
(Camera shows that Candace brought the picture of herself burnt. She screams loud and very long.)

(Back at the Speedway, in the D.E.I. blimp...)
Doofenshmirtz: Already they fear me, listen to their screams, huh?
Imagine the mayhem once my Deflate-inator ray is fully charged.
(at the mouse in the machine) Run! Run like the wind, my little indentured rodent. And I will give you some cheese.
Heh, I know I had some around here somewhere.
(Perry pulls out a briefcase filled with cheeses; Grabs stinky cheese and loads it onto a crossbow.)
Doofenshmirtz: I think there's some- There used to be some Roquefort around the back here. I don't...
(Perry fires the crossbow.)
(Mouse squeaking)
Doofenshmirtz: Hmm? AIEE! HEE-HEE-HEE-HEE-AIEEEEEEE! (Glass breaks) Agh! Oof!
(Laser fires, Blimp deflating)
Hmm. I suppose I should've seen that coming.

(Back at the Garcia-Shapiro house...)
Candace: (from inside) But Mom, you've gotta believe me! (cuts to her.) Wait a minute. I bet it's still on TV! (runs off)
Linda: (Flatly) That's good, Candace. Go watch a little TV.
(Candace turns on the TV, the screen shows Phineas winning the race. There is a flash, freeze-frame.)
Dave: And look at this amazing finish.
Candace: (Stammering) Mom, come quick! Come look-look-look-look-look!!
Linda: All right! I'm coming! (stands up)
Candace: Ee-ee-ee-ee...
Dave: Oh no! A blimp is about to hit the broadcasting tower! Oh, the hu-
(The TV goes to static. Candace just sits there standing as Linda enters right on schedule.)
Linda: Ah-huh...?
Candace: Meap.
Linda: (leaving) Deal me back in, Viv.

(At the Speedway)
(Tires squealing, car zooms off)
Phineas: Hmm. Looks like we're walking.

Doofenshmirtz: AAH!

(Candace walks back to the Flynn-Fletcher house)
Candace: (Mimicking Linda)

She has no idea!! (echo)
(Gasps, then looks behind her to see the garage empty. Crickets chirp in the background, She smiles.)
Gotcha.

(Scene shifts to Perry and Doofenshmirtz fighting)
Doofenshmirtz: AHH-AHH-AHH-AHH-AHH! AAH!
(Beeping; Explosion, Perry blasts into space on the car)

(Back with Candace...)
Candace: (Runs up to Vivian's house and repeatedly knocks on the door hard) MOM! MOM! MOM! MOM! MOM!
Vivian: Oh, Candace, hello. I can't believe you grown so much, it's unbelievable--
Candace: MOM! (Goes to the living room) Mom, you've gotta see this! It's about your car!
Linda: (While Candace smiles) All right. (Candace drags her)
(The car is shown falling.)
Candace: (literally pushes Linda across the street) Come on, come on, come on!
Linda: Candace, you're wearing out the heels of my shoes.
(In the garage, Candace opens the door from the kitchen, her head turned away.)
Candace: See Mom?! Look, look! I told you--
Linda: (Gasps) But... who did this?
Candace: (not even turning her head) Phineas and Ferb.
Linda: You mean... they...?
Candace: (overlapping) Yeah, yeah, yeah! (Nods and laughs chaotically)
Linda: (overjoyed) They washed my car!?
Candace: Yes!! (then, confused) No...what?
(The car is back, clean with nothing on it. Perry walks by and chatters.)
Linda: It's beautiful!
(For the rest of the scene, Candace stands completely shocked with her mouth open.)
Linda (cont'd.): I gotta admit, I thought you we're exaggerating a bit, but this is really worth getting excited about!
Phineas: (walking in the background, trophy in hand) Hi, Mom, we're home!
Linda: Hey, boys! I saw what you did today!
Phineas: (Referring to the race) Yeah? How'd you like it?
Linda: (from inside; oblivious) I loved it! (cut to her) Now who wants some snacks?
(The instrumental Rock version of the theme song as a stinger.)
Phineas: (offscreen) Thanks, Mom!
(Music pauses.)
Linda: (At Candace) Honey, close your mouth.
(Music resumes; iris out and Candace does not close her mouth on the still shot.)

Doofelations Season 1:5 | Lights, Candace, Action!

(Cut to Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: There you are, Agent P. There's something very strange going on with Dr. Doofenshmirtz. He's been very quiet lately. A little too quiet. I want you to find out what's not going on, and...uh...put a...stop..to it. I suppose. Good luck, Agent P.
♪ Doo be doo be doo ba doo be doo be doo ba, ♪
♪ Doo be doo be doo ba doo be doo be doo ba, ♪
♪ Doo be doo be doo ba ♪
♪ Agent P! ♪

(Suspense music)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(Perry breaks door)
Dr. Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? Why do you keep breaking down my doors? Why don't you knock first? It's not even locked! This time, you'll pay. That's right, fork it over. What? Are you kidding me? This isn't just drywall, you know! It's solid oak! That's more like it. You can't just go busting into people's houses for no reason, you know. Besides, I've given up evil to pursue the art of cheese making. Do you like stinky Limburger? It's a Doofenshmirtz family recipe.
(Doofenshmirtz is laughing maniacally while milking a cow over a cauldron whilst the cow moos in confusion)
It's not ready yet. It still has to age for 58 1/2 years. (Watch ticking) But who's got that kind of time? Which is why I created: The Age Accelerator...Inator.

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Dr. Doofenshmirtz: Now, Perry the Platypus, watch carefully as I demonstrate the Age Accelerator-Inator. (Laser zaps a baby on a playground, turning it into a large hairy adult) Hooray, it worked! And now to make some perfectly aged cheese! (Laser zaps) Ah, perfect! You can actually see the pungent aroma. Here you go, Perry the Platypus. But I'm warning you. Once you start, you won't be able to stop. I'll go get some crackers. We're in luck! I still have some leftover Melba Toa-- (gasps in horror) Oh no! The cheese! What happened to the stinky cheese?!
(Camera pans to Perry, who managed to swallow the entire cheese wheel)
Doofenshmitz: Perry the Platypus, you ate all the cheese?! Noooooo! I created this for peaceful, cheese-loving purposes, but now you forced me to wield it in anger! (Laser zaps) Perry the- Perry the Platypus, hold still! Hold still so I can blast you!

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Dr. Doofenshmirtz: (Laughing) I have you cornered! This time, I will hit you with everything I've got! (sets the machine to MAX Power) Say goodbye, Perry the Platypus!
(Lasers zapping, Explosion)
Wait, wait, wait, that's not right. (Thud; Doofenshmirtz chuckles) Perry the Platypus, just- just look at yourself. You really let yourself go.
♪ Perry! ♪
(Gasps) Oh, so you had an Age Accelerator-Inator proof suit! (Laughs) Well, I have a little surprise of my own. (Fabric tearing) Heh. Well, It's already 4:30. I think I'm going to bed. Curse you, Perry the Platypus.

Doofelations Season 1:6 | Raging Bully

(Scene opens up showing the Flynn-Fletcher house.)
♪ Na, na, na ♪
(In the living room...)
Candace: Jeremy is so cute, especially when he's in his Mr. Slushy Dog Uniform.
Linda: Candace, My jazz trio has a gig at the Squat 'n Stitch today. Why don't you, Phineas and Ferb hang out at the mall together?
Candace: The mall? (Ding) I can visit Jeremy at Mr. Slushy Dog!

(At the Googolplex Mall)
Linda: (with her jazz trio in a gig at Squat 'n Stitch) Testing. Welcome everyone, uh, we'll be playing some free-formed jazz today. It might get a little crazy, so, hold on to those knitting needles. (Plays triangle) Hit it, girls!
(Linda's trio starts playing jazz music. Meanwhile, in the food court...)
Candace: Alright, squirts. Here's your cut. I'll see you back here in 2 hours. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to Mr. Slushy Dog.
Phineas: Hey, where's Perry?

(Meanwhile, Perry backs up against the side of the drink machine, makes sure no one's looking, and puts on his fedora. He then scans his foot and goes down a slide to his lair, but it is squeaky and Perry is forced to slide himself to the end)
Major Monogram: Sorry about that, Agent P. Our slide waxing guy has jury duty this weekend. Anyhow, Doofenshmirtz has purchased some suspicious items: 4 helicopter blades, 2 dozen party balloons, and light bulbs. 6000 of them. He's hiding out at the old abandoned cake factory on the edge of t-- Carl, the light bulb and the "6000". Still on the screen. (The light bulb and x6000 disappear) Ah, thanks, Carl. Locate Doofenshmirtz and figure out what he's up to. Don't fail us, Agent P.
(Perry salutes Monogram and goes down yet another squeaky slide)

(Back in the mall, at Mr. Slushy Dog)
Jeremy: Oh, hey Candace.
Candace: Heh. My cell phone appears to be ringing. (Snapshot) Whoops! My camera went off! (Giggling)

(Meanwhile, the boys is in the food court; and Ferb records how long it took for the top scoop to drop)
Phineas: Well, that was an interesting experiment.
Baljeet: Excuse me, but why are you not studying?
Phineas: It's summer vacation. You know, no school, and teachers aren't around, and all you have to worry about are bullies? (At this moment, Buford comes, sits on Baljeet, shoves his books aside, drinks his drink, crumples it up, and throws it behind him which hits a kid) Eh, Buford? That seat's kinda taken.
Buford: This table's taken. Sit somewhere else.
Phineas: What about Baljeet?
Baljeet: (Muffled) Please go. You will just make him angry.
(At that moment, Phineas' ice cream falls on Buford)
Buford: Aiee! (everyone laughs at Buford, causing him to get angry and grab Phineas) This is gonna hurt.
Isabella: Hey! Put him down!
Baljeet: Do as she says! (Buford pulls Baljeet from under him) Violence can only lead to more violence.
Buford: Sounds good to me.
Man: Hold it!
Isabella: World heavyweight boxing champion Evander Holyfield?
Phineas: Aren't you a little old to be a professional boxer?
Evander: Yes. Yes I am.
Phineas: Cool.
Evander: If you have to fight, do it time-honored way, out behind the mall at 3:00.
Phineas: Uh, Ferb. How's our 3:00? (Ferb checks his book and gives a thumbs-up) We'll be there.
Buford: (drops Phineas) Don't be late. My mom's pickin' me up at 4:00.
Phineas: It looks like we found something to do today.
Baljeet: What you have found is a One-way magic carpet ride to your own destruction.
Isabella: He's right. Remember what happened to the last kid Buford fought?

(In a very brief flashback, a boy is shown with a toilet on his head)
Boy: (muffled) You win this round, Buford.

(Back to the present)
Isabella: I don't want that to happen to you.
Evander: It won't, 'cause I'm gonna train him.

(Song: "He's a Bully")
♪ Your opponent is as big as an ape ♪
♪ So if you wanna avoid being mangled ♪
♪ Just like him, you've got to get into shape ♪
♪ And by shape I don't mean a triangle ♪

♪ He's big, he's dumb, he's got the I.Q. of gum ♪
♪ He's got the brain about the size of a sourdough crumb ♪
♪ But he'll beat on your head like a big bass drum, ♪
♪ His behavior is truly unruly, ♪

♪ He's a bully! (He's a bully!) ♪
♪ Yeah, He's a bully! (He's a bully!) ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah! ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah-yeah...! ♪

Milly: Here you go, Brawl at the mall. 3:00, Brawl at the mall.
Candace: The "Brawl at the mall"? (She goes outside to the parking lot where Phineas and Ferb are making a boxing ring) What do you two think you're doing? You can't just go building a boxing ring out here in the parking lot! I'm telling Mom right now! (On her way, she takes another picture of Jeremy)

(Back at the Squat 'n Stitch, Linda's Trio's gig is still in session)
Candace: Mom, Phineas and Ferb are at it again!
Linda: Not now, Candace. Oh, My solo! (Plays triangle)
Candace: Oh, I need proof. The flyer!

(Meanwhile, Agent P reaches the old abandoned cake factory and sneaks in. Suddenly, the floors opens under him and he falls in a bowl of cake mix)
Doofenshmirtz: (Laughs) Perry the Platypus! I trapped you in a giant bowl filled to the brim with Doonkelberry cake mix. You see, Today is my birthday! Struggle all you want, Perry the Platypus. But in 30 to 40 minutes, the yeast will rise, and you'll be buried alive! Here, have some. Unfortunately, my birthday has always been the lousiest day of the year. It all began on the day of my actual birth... (Flashback of baby Doofenshmirtz being born in a hospital) Both of my parents failed to show up. (Cut to 5 year old Doofenshmirtz who uncovers his eyes) By the age of 5, I was forced to throw my own surprise party... at Gunther Goat Cheese's: The goat-cheesiest place in all of Druselstein. Many of my closest friends were there: Count Wolfgang, Betty the She-Boar, Raputin, and the licekins, Olga and Chicago Joe. (The scene pans to the animals, including Olga and Chicago Joe, who were Candace's Coaches from "Lights, Candace, Action!").
Employee: Hello, Boys and—Oh. Hmm... Awkward. Uh, Hey kid, lock up when you're done, okay? (Slams door)
Doofenshmirtz: But one should never walk the paths of Druselstein. With uncovered Doonkelberry cake, lest the Doonkelberry bats swarm.
Young Doofenshmirtz: (Screams)
(Flashback ends)
Doofenshmirtz: But this year, I won't be celebrating my birthday alone. Behold, The Slave-inator! You see, the crowd will do whatever the Slave-inator tells them to do! (he types some keys and the word CLAP appear on the inator; Agent P claps) I even have a Cleanup party button, (CLEAN UP PARTY MESS appears on the screen; Agent P picks up the cake) because the worst part of a party is the cleanup, am I right? (helicopter blades lift the Slave-inator) Farewell, Perry the Platypus, and happy birthday to me!
(Perry blows the whale whistle and a whale crashes through wall. He then blows the bat whistle and some Doonkleberry bats come and eat the cake mix.)

(In the mall's parking lot, at the "Brawl at the Mall" event...)
Announcer: L-llll-ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls! He's from a broken home, his hobby is breaking bones, Buford the Bully-yyyy! A-aaaa-and in this corner, he's got moves, he's got grace, his nose takes up his entire face, Fabulous Phinea-aaaa-as Flynn! (To the boys) Okay, boys. Let's have a fair and square fight, and in no way should this ensuing fight contain the image of a potentially harmful, hurtful, or psychologically disturbing act, that could be found imitable by an impressionable child viewer.
Buford: Aw-wwww!
Announcer: Boys and girls, let's get ready to Thumb Wrestle!
(They stick their thumbs in a pretend boxing ring.)

(In the mall's storage closet, Candace is talking with Holly and Ginger.)
Holly: Sorry, we're out of flyers.
Candace: Poster?
Holly: Nope.
Candace: Action figures?
Holly: Sold out.
Candace: Commemorative coin?
Holly: All gone.
Candace: 8 x 10 glossy photo?!?
Holly: Those sold like hot cakes.
Candace: (Gasps) Photo! Yes! Photographic evidence!
(Candace goes up to take another photo of Jeremy, but when she sees that it's 99% full, she gets upset and leaves, to Jeremy's dismay)

(Meanwhile, the Slave-inator displays the words HAPPY BIRTHDAY Doofenshmirtz on the screen while Agent P follows with the bats)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus! Well, if you're gonna crash my party, you're gonna need a party hat. A party hat of doom! (shoots one at Agent P, who moves out of the way causing the party hat to hit a table causing the party favors to fall on the floor, he then charges towards Doofenshmirtz and hits him a bunch of times with the party favors)

(Cut to the fighting ring. A bell rings, Phineas and Buford's thumbs perform their starting dance)
Crowd: 1, 2, 3, 4, I declare a thumb war!
(The thumbs finish their dances and fight)
Announcer: The fighters spring to life, they're squaring up to each other, YOW! Flynn hits the mat! Buford gots him where he wants him, and look, and oh! Into the turnbuckle! Clothesline! That can't feel good! Hold onto your seats folks, this one's gonna be brutal!

(Cut back to Agent P and Doofenshmirtz; Perry fights Doofenshmirtz with noisemakers and the doctor fights Perry with ping-pong paddles; but Perry is overwhelmed and knocked off but manages to hang on to the edge screen.)
Doofenshmirtz: Still hanging around, Perry the Platypus? (Slams keyboard on Perry's fingers; the Slave-inator spells out "000000000000000000000")
Crowd: Ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh...
Doofenshmirtz: Why don't you let go? Doesn't it hurt your fingers?

(Cut back to Phineas, Ferb and Evander)
Phineas: I don't think this is going so well.
Evander: Nonsense, kid. Go for the gold! Fight fire with fire! Aw, shoot. Shoot him the stink-eye! Uh, Grease the pig! Ah, I got nothing.
Announcer: (Bell rings) A right hook! A darting left jab! (Slow motion) No!
Candace: Photo, photo, photo, photo.
(Song: "It's Going So Badly")
♪ (Man singing opera) ♪
Announcer: Buford is climbing the turnbuckles! He's on the top rope! (Candace takes picture) Oh! The dreaded Boston belt sander! (Buford laughing)

(Inside...)
Candace: Mom!!! (She runs up to her and shows the picture on her phone.) Finally, indisputable photographic evidence of dangerous and irresponsible behavior!
Linda: Candace, this is your thumb in front of the lens.
(Candace looks at her phone, it shows a photo of Phineas with her thumb covering most of his face.)
Candace: AAAAAH! Oh...you are coming with me! (drags her out)

Doofenshmirtz: And now, Perry the Platypus, I will smudge your face with ice cream! (Laughing maniacally; Perry blows whale whistle) Wait, W-what are you doing? What is that? (Whale jumps over Slave-inator, knocking the ice cream out of the cone) Nooooo! Wait!!

(Song: "It's Going So Badly")
♪ (Man singing opera) ♪
Announcer: No! Oh, the humanity! Flynn falls hard! The crowd's on its feet!
Man: ♪ It's going so badly! ♪
It's over! It's all over!
♪ Our hero's on the rope and now it's looking like the end! ♪
(Evander and Announcer sobbing, suddenly, Doof's ice cream splats on Phineas' head, causing everyone to freeze in surprise.)
Buford: (Laughs) Ice cream fell on you! (Laughs) Now we're both humiliated in public! (helds out his hand) Whaddya say? Even Steven?
Phineas: Sure Buford. Even Steven. (shakes Buford's hand)

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz and Perry)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait! How did you do th-- (backs up against a pole) Hey, where did that whale come from? Oh, this is the worst party ever! (Perry escapes on a red balloon while Doofenshmirtz screams) My birthday cake! (Escapes on the helicopter blades with his cake) Goodbye, Perry the Platypus! At least I still have my cake! (Cake splats onto Doofenshmirtz while the bats squeak and charge at Doofenshmirtz) Curse you, Perry the Platypus! (All that can be heard from him were shouts of pain)

(The Slave-inator falls on the boxing ring causing the words CLEAN UP PARTY MESS to be displayed on the screen)
Man: Hey, I have a strange urge to clean up this mess...
Woman: Me too...
Man #2: Let's do it...
Woman: I'll take care of the whale...

(Later, the ring is removed)
Buford: Thank you, Mr. Holyfield.
Phineas: Yeah. Wouldn't have been real without you.
Evander: Happy to help you boys find a slightly less valid way to settle your differences.
(Perry walks up and chatters)
Phineas: There you are, Perry.
(The mall door slams open, Candace drags Linda out)
Candace: See?!!
Phineas: Hi, Mom!
Linda: Hi, boys! (at Candace, sternly) If you'll excuse me, Candace, I'm gonna get back for the second set. (leaves)
Candace: (Squeaks, faints)

(Cut to Phineas, Ferb and Buford)
Buford: Hey, Dinnerbell, that was the best battle ever. Same thing tomorrow?
Phineas: Nah. I like to keep moving forward.
Ferb: Sharks have to continue to move forward, or they'll drown.
Buford: (angry again) You calling me a shark?! (Horror sting, Ferb does a Vulcan-style nerve pinch.)
Buford: Blagh! (Faints)
Phineas: Ferb?!
Ferb: Well, he was all up on my face.
Buford: (Groans) What happened?
(Buford faints again then fade to black, as the guitar stinger plays)

Doofelations Season 1:7 | Candace Loses Her Head

(Phineas is sleeping in his bed in their bedroom in the Flynn-Fletcher house.)
♪ Na, na na ♪
Phineas: Yes!
Hey, Ferb! (Throws pillow at Ferb) It's Candace's birthday!
We gotta do better than last year.

(Flashback)
Gorilla: (Comes out cake; Roars)
Candace: AAH! (Slams door)
(Flashback ends)

Phineas: Not our best work.
This time it's gotta be something huge!

(Candace has a dream in her bedroom.)
(Song: "She's Candace")
♪ She's Candace.♪
♪ Like the Venus De Milo, except she's not armless and handless. ♪
♪ She's got a big, honking truckload of ship-launching qualities. ♪
♪ And this is the reason she bears no resemblance to a praying mantis! ♪
♪ (Candace) A name with 7 letters! ♪
♪ (Candace) Only wears designer sweaters! ♪
♪ (Candace) She's got an allergy to dairy! ♪
♪ (Candace) And she's anything but ordinary! ♪
(Perry chatters)
Candace: (wakes up) Perry?
(Perry is on Candace's bed)

(In the kitchen, Candace gives Perry to Ferb)
This is yours, I believe.
Linda: Happy birthday, Candace! I made you a special breakfast!
(Shows a pile of pancakes with a birthday candle on top)
Lawrence: And after that, we have a surprise!
Candace: What is it?! Where is it?!
Lawrence: We have to drive to it.
Candace: (gasps) Ooooooooooh!!!

(Later, in the family car)
(offscreen) Is it the mall?
(Cut to in the car)
Linda: (offscreen) No.
Candace: Okay...
(looks around) but is it the mall, right?
(The car enters Mount Rushmore)
Lawrence: (offscreen) No, it's not the mall.
Candace: Wait.
Please don't tell me we're going to Mt. Rushmore...
Linda: Isn't it great?
(Looks at a pamphlet) Four American presidents carved into a side of a mountain.
Lawrence: It was Phineas and Ferb's idea!
(Candace gives Phineas an angry glare)
Phineas: You're welcome.

(In the parking lot...)
Lawrence: Okay. You lot go on ahead. I'll find a parking spot and meet you there! (drives off)
Phineas: We're going up to the monument. Come on, Perry.
Linda: Okay, we'll join you in a minute!

(In the gift shop)
Okay, Candace. It's your birthday, you can pick out anything you want.
Ooh, what about the Mt. Rushmore bobble head?
Candace: Mom, that's lame.
Linda: Okay.
How about this cute, cuddly Lincoln?
Candace: Jeremy?
(Runs to counter) Hi, Jeremy.
Jeremy: Hey, Candace.
Candace: What are you doing here?
Jeremy: Ah, I'm just here on the Mr. Slushy Burger worker exchange program.
Candace: Um...
(Clattering) Uh, oh, well, it's my birthday today, and...I...uh...
(Clattering) I gotta check something.
Back in a flash, 'kay? (Zips off)

(Outside)
(Deeply) Where'd they go?

(Back inside)
Isabella: Hi, Mrs. Fletcher.
Linda: Oh, hi, Isabella.
What brings you girls here?
Isabella: Fireside Girls field trip.
Um, is Phineas here?
Linda: Mmm hmm.
He and Ferb are up on the monument.

Phineas: Possibilities.
Ferb: (Ding)
Phineas: Hey, where's Perry?

♪ Doo be doo be doo ba, ♪
♪ Doo be doo be doo ba, ♪
♪ Doo be doo be doo ba, ♪
♪ Doo be doo be doo ba, ♪
♪ Doo be- ♪
♪ Doo be doo be doo ba, Doo be doo be doo ba ♪
Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P.
Dr. Doofenshmirtz is up to no good again.
We just discovered his new hideout is located inside Lincoln's head at Mt. Rushmore.
(Perry scowls)
I-I know. You were just there.
Poor planning on our part, actually. Sorry.

Candace: (growling voice) Phineas?! Ferrrrb?! Ohh.
Man: Hey, honey. What are them kids doing up on the monument?
Candace: Let me see that. (Looks through the binoculars, sees Phineas and Ferb on the monument and gasps) Mom! Mom, you've got to see this now. Here, look!
Linda: Oop. Ran out of time.
Candace: Oh, (Rummaging) here, look now!
(Linda looks through the telescope, but the water from a geyser blocks the action)
Linda: Oh, Old Reliable Geyser. How exciting! (at Candace) I'm just gonna go back to the gift shop.
(Candace looks through the telescope, the water has stopped gushing. Candace cringes and stomps off, causing the telescope to bounce up to Perry, who enters Lincoln's head to Doofenshmirtz's lair)

Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus! Your timing﻿ is impeccable. And by impeccable I mean: COMPLETELY PECCABLE! (Laughs) You're just in time to witness my latest scheme. Behold, my Drill-Inator! I will bore a tunnel to China, build a toll highway, and make millions!
So, as they say in China: Arrivederci!
(Punches landing)

Doofenshmirtz: (Grunting and screaming)
Computer Voice: Hull overheating. Hull overheating.
Doofenshmirtz: The molten lava of the earth's core completely slipped my mind. (They pull away, just as the lava flows above them.)
Oh no! THE LAVA IS FOLLOWING US!!! (Perry uses a drill to divert the lava.)(The lava is being diverted.) You did it, Perry the Platypus! You saved us! (The drill comes back and Perry turns into the upper left and the lava is still chasing them.)
I hate to be a stickler, but the lava is coming AGAIN!!! FASTER!

(Cut to the Drill-inator, it bursts out of the "nose" on the Candace statue)
Doofenshmirtz: AAH! 
(Perry locks the Drill-inator's target onto the Old Reliable Geyser and jumps off)
Wait, where are you going? AAH! (The Drill-inator lands on the geyser) I'm okay, I -- (spins around and gets flung away) AAH! Fie upon you, Perry the Platypuuuuus!
(Perry parachutes down to safety)

Doofelations Season 1:8 | I, Brobot

(Episode starts with  Phineas and Ferb under a tree in the Backyard of the Flynn-Fletcher house.)
Phineas: And the candidates for what awesome thing we will do today are: our blueprint for completely food-based water park, your schematic for the tunnel to the center of the Earth, this model for the chamber of invisibility, your other schematic for a microscopic zoo that rests on the head of a pin. Gee. We sure have lots of blueprints, models, and schematics. ("Morning Mood" by Edvard Grieg as Phineas notices a falling leaf) Hey, Ferb. Summer doesn't last forever, and we've got too many plans for just the two of us. We either need more days of summer, or more of us. (Ferb shows Phineas a blueprint) What's this? The blueprint for that robot we invented? Ferb, you're a genius! We can make android versions of ourselves! We can make Phinedroids and Ferbots! Hey, where's Perry?

(On the roof, Perry puts on his fedora and goes into the chimney elevator)
(Song: "Gitchee Gitchee Goo" elevator music)
(Elevator bell)
Santa Claus: Ho-ho-hold that elevator!
(Elevator bell)
Major Monogram: Agent P, Dr. Doofenshmirtz is up to his old tricks. He's made 57 phone calls in the past hour. We don't know to whom, or why. (Perry points toward the chimney vator) No, not to Santa. Agent P, your mission is to find out what Dr. Doofenshmirtz is up to and stop him. See, Carl, that's why I don't like using the chimney vator. Besides, that guy totally owes me a pony from when I was five.

[In the garage of the house]
Phineas: Okay, Ferb. The robot building device is almost ready to be activated. Just a couple more commands. (Computer beeping) Okay, pictures please.
Computer: Phineas. Ferb. Phineas and Ferb.
Phineas: Here we go.
Computer: Robot building sequence activated.
(Computer beeping, Bell dings)
Phineas: Wow, it worked! I'm so glad we tried our new android building device instead of using that old dinosaur. (Beep; The door on the unit opens up, several Phineas and Ferb-like robots march out; on bullhorn) Phinedroids and Ferbots, we thank you for being with us today. Please-- (At Ferb) Uh, Ferb, your bullhorn's not on. (Ferb turns on his bullhorn; on bullhorn) Please take a blueprint and report to the backyard immediately! (At Ferb) Ferb, would you do the honors?
(Ferb presses the "DANCE" button on a remote)
(Song: "Phinedroids and Ferbots")
♪ Phinedroids and Ferbots (X4) ♪

Phinedroids/Ferbots: ♪ We're Phinedroids and Ferbots and we're stomping our feet ♪
♪ To the electric, magnetic mechanical beat ♪
♪ We've got light bulbs for eyes and aluminum noses ♪
♪ We're bustin' chillin' moves with our robot poses ♪
♪ (Bustin' chillin' moves with our robot poses) ♪
♪ Phinedroids and Ferbots (X3) ♪
♪ Word ♪
(Near the end, Ferb presses the "WORK" button on the remote)

[At...]
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc. ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Pick up the phone! Pick up, pick up! Pick up, pick up! Oh, why won't you pick up? (sees Perry) Oh, hi, Perry the Platypus. Thank you for using the key I gave you. It's much more civilized than crashing through my ceiling, don't you think? Yes, eh. Anyway, I-I don't know why you're here, but you can tell Monogram that I'm not, eh, you know, "up to anything." Anyways, all I've been doing is calling my new girlfriend. (Laughs) We're having, what I call, a relationship bump. And now, she won't pick up the phone, and I'm tired of leaving messages. I'm tired! I've—I left, like, 57 messages and, I won't leave anymore. It starts to look a little desperate. (Perry glares) Hmm? Oh, no, that's not an evil scheme. That's just a giant magnet. I'm going to wave it over my girlfriend's house and erase all the messages I left. (Laughs) Because, some of them are long and rambly. I know, there's an ordinance against it, but... What? Oh, come on, Perry the Platypus! (Growls) Oh well, too bad for you! (traps Perry) Too bad you don't believe in love! (Door slams, Truck engine revving) Too bad!

[In the living room of the house, Candace is talking to Stacy on her cellphone on the chair]
Candace: I'd love to come over and watch you get your ears pierced, Stacy, but my Mom went to Zippy Pics and left me in charge of my brothers. (Sees a Phinedroid out the door) Oh, here they come now. (smirks, another Phinedroid walks by) Phineas and Ferrrruh, Phineas? (Gasps) I'll have to call you back! (she goes outside) Oh, wait till Mom finds out about Phineas and Ferb, and...Phineas and Ferb and Phineas? Ferb? Phineas and Ferb? Phineas and Ferb? Ferbias, Phiniferb? (Gasps) They're my brothers and they're robots! THEY'RE BRO-BOTS! (Candace screams and runs into the panic room, finally, she calls Linda.)
[Linda is answering her phone in Zippy Pacs]
Linda: What is it, Candace?
Candace: Mom, I'm in the panic room... Phineas and Ferb...and—And then Phineas and Ferb...and—And robots! (voice becomes squeaky) Invisibility chamber! Elephants!
Linda: That's nice, honey. Well, the pictures should be ready soon, and then I'll see the robots when I get home. Bye. (Phone beeps)
Candace: Everything will be gone once Mom gets home. Isn't that right, Mr. Miggins? Unless... (Candace grabs a sack, an oil can, and a football helmet which she puts on, and lays a trap for a Brobot; a Ferbot walks near the oil can and drinks from it; Candace leaps from the cellar and traps the Ferbot) Aha! (She carries the sack with the Ferbot in it to the front yard and calls Stacy) Stacy? Oh my gosh! Guess what? Ugh, Stacy, I can't understand you. Why are you crying? Yeah. Crying, crying, it hurts, right. Got that. Uh-huh, Oh, hi, Mrs. Hirano! What? Stacy got her ears pierced? Gee, what a terrible thing that I had completely no idea about! Anyway, gotta run, Mrs. Hirano. Give Stacy my best! (Throughout this, a garbage truck arrives. A man takes the bag with the Ferbot in it and tosses it into the dump area. It drives away, and a Fred's Fertilizer truck pulls up. A man drops off a bag of fertilizer and the truck drives off. Candace barely notices; she walks back to the bag and kicks it) Poor, mixed-up Stacy.

[Back at D.E.I., Perry pulls out a canister of cheese spray from his fedora. He then shakes the canister and sprays the rope with the cheese spray. A mouse comes out of a mouse hole, climbs up the rope, and then gnaws on it.]

[Back at the backyard of the house]
(Song: "Phinedroids and Ferbots" (instrumental))
Phineas: Hey, bros. How's the old Chamber of Invisibility coming along? (Robot whirring, Chamber of Invisibility zapping) Wow, it works! Well done. (At Ferb) Hey, normally I'd be saying that to you, Ferb. Just kinda weird saying that to a Ferbot. Come on. Let's see how the Microscopic zoo is going. (At Robots) Hey, guys. Mind if we see how things are coming along? (At Ferb) Hold her steady, Ferb. Wow! That's amazing! And according to this microscopic newspaper machine, the zoo's really packing them in! Well, I guess we can categorize this project as a success. Hey, that's the best tunnel to the center of the Earth I've ever seen. Boy, I bet that was fun to build. You know, Ferb, even if these robots were a success and completely on model, I kind of miss working on stuff. You know, just you and me. Hey, what's this? Thanks. Hovercraft lounge chair? We were gonna build that next week! Oh, no! The Phinedroids and Ferbots are running out of projects, so they're designing their own! Have we learned nothing from Mary Shelley's Frankenstein? Oh, look! They're starting their own overpriced coffee franchise! That's so '90s. (Cut back to Candace sitting on the sidewalk in front of the house) This is terrible! (cut back to Phineas and Ferb) We have an entirely new problem! (Camera pans across the robots getting out of controls) The coffee's making them haywire! And that one's having trouble falling asleep. (Camera shows a Phinedroid trying to sleep, looking to an alarm clock every 2 seconds) Poor little guy. (Robot whirring) That's it! You guys are drinking way too much coffee! I'm shutting her down! (He slams the metal curtain of the coffee shop shut, The robots turn towards he and Ferb evilly and their eyes glow) Well, that's no good. Time to show these robots who's in charge. (Presses the laptop button repeatedly) Uh, Ferb? I think they're in charge.

(Song: "Gitchee Gitchee Goo")
Doofenshmirtz: (Singing along) ♪ Bow, chicka bow-wow, that's what my baby says... ♪
♪ Mow, mow-- ♪
Oh, there it is. (Turns off radio) My new girlfriend's house. Now I can erase all those embarrassing messages. And then I can start leaving new ones. What? (stops car, sees Perry with a spy badge and gasps) Perry the Platypus! How did you escape my net? It was the mouse, wasn't it? Get out of the way, Perry the Platypus! Don't make me drop this giant magnet on you! Well, then, as a lazy tailor would say, "Suit yourself." (Flips the switch making the magnet fall on Perry, but Santa Claus picks up the magnet) But that doesn't make sense! It's the middle of July!
Santa Claus: Ho, ho, ho! I'm on a summer run! Farewell, Perry the Platypus!
Doofenshmirtz: Bah, humbug.

(Cut back to Phineas and Ferb being surrounded by Brobots as they close in on them.)
Phineas: So this is how it ends, Ferb. Defeated by our own doppelgängers. If only we had some device that can stop them from... (Ferb pulls out the remote; Phineas laughs) I know, I'm just messing with ya.
(Ferb presses the "DANCE" button; the robots immediately stop what they're doing and begin dancing like they did before. Phineas and Ferb also dance with them.)

(Song: "Phinedroids and Ferbots")
♪ Phinedroids and Ferbots (X4) ♪
Phinedroids and Ferbots: ♪ We're Phinedroids and Ferbots and we're here to stay ♪
♪ Now our work is done, we're shutting down for the day ♪
(Phineas and Ferb begin dancing with the robots)

(Scene shifts to the front yard; Candace is still waiting.)
Candace: (Scoffs) '80s music is so 2002. (Car door opens; Linda comes over.) Mom, mom, mom!
Linda: Oh, hi, honey. I got some very nice shots here.
Candace: Yeah, that's great, Mom. Check this out! (opens fertilizer bag with eyes closed) Ta-da!
(Pause)
Linda: That's a very nice bag of manure, Candace.
Candace: (opens her eyes, looks in bag) What?! AAAAH!
Linda: (drops her pictures while she was screaming) Candace! You made me drop my pictures!
Candace: Maybe it's not too late!

(Cut to the backyard where robots are still there, Candace smiles.)
♪ ...Our imagination ♪
♪ We're Phinedroids and Ferbots... ♪
Candace: Mom, mom, mom! You've gotta see this!

(While she was running to Mom, Santa flies over the backyard and his magnet takes all the robots away, leaving behind only Phineas and Ferb still dancing.)
♪ Now our work is done, we're shutting down for the day ♪

(Close up of the gate)
Candace: I know. I've done this nineteen other times. (with her eyes closed) But this time, I can say with the utmost confidence that there are Phineas and Ferb robots in the backyard!
(Candace opens the gate to reveal nothing but the real Phineas and Ferb still robot dancing, and she looks on, deadpanned.)
Linda: Yes, Candace. There are "Phineas and Ferb robots" in the backyard.
(Candace hangs her head in shame. Phineas and Ferb continue to dance.)
♪ Phinedroids and Ferbots ♪
♪ Phinedroids and Ferbots, word ♪

Doofelations Season 1:9 | Run Away Runway

(Perry looks around after Candace leaves, then jumps into the fireplace entrance and lands in his chair. Screen button beeps)
Major Monogram: 1, 2, 3, testing, testing, 1, 2, 3-- (Camera shows that he is not wearing pants) Agent P, you're early! Carl, cut to close up! (Camera zooms in; to Perry) Oh. (Clears throat) Basically, Doofenshmirtz has been acting up again. He's stockpiling the usual strange and unrelated things. This time, it's copy machines and ink cartridges by the thousands. We need you to find out what's going on right away.

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Dirigible! ♪
(Agent P breaks through the balloon)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus! Let me show you something, "Mr. I Break Through Walls Whenever I Want"! (Button beeps and a robot arm holding a roll of duct tape pops out of the floor and tapes up the crack) There you go. Oh, one more thing! (Button beeps and the arm ties up Perry with the tape) Oh, look! I have captured the rare "DUCK-Taped Platypus"! (Laughs maniacally) You know, like duck-billed... Never mind. Anyway, let me show you my evil scheme. I call it the Copy and Paste-Inator! Now, there's nothing I hate than waiting in line. All the time wasted in stores, and amusement parks, where I could be spreading more evil in the Tri-State Area! I will make copies of myself, and they will do the waiting for me. I know, it sounds a little crazy but, look. You're all tied up. And (sits down in the Inator seat) I am stepping into a giant copy machine of my self. (has crazy eyes as he say the next words) Who's crazy now? (Electricity zapping as the Inator closes)

Doofenshmirtz: (Screams) I-- I think I just tanned my eyeballs. Ugh. Now, with a push of a button, I will make history! (Laughs maniacally) By the way, do you like my mural? I did it myself, it's a silhouette of me going... (Laughs maniacally; Pushes button) All right, let's see, now. (Ding) Oh, needs a little more toner. Oh, copy jam.
Doofenshmirtz #2: Uh...
Doofenshmirtz: Why is it when people copy their butts, it comes out perfect?

(On the DEI Blimp, Doofenshmirtz is showing a myriad of Doofenshmirtz clones)
Doofenshmirtz: You see, Perry the Platypus, a whole army of Doofenshmirtzs! Perfect copies of me!
(Cut to two of the clones)
Doofenshmirtz #3: Hiya, handsome.
Doofenshmirtz #4: Right back at ya, fella.
(Cut to Doofenshmirtz as the clones march by)
Doofenshmirtz: You, here! Grab me some corn dogs!
Doofenshmirtz #5: Sure thing!
Doofenshmirtz: You, go fetch me some movie tickets!
Doofenshmirtz #6: You bet your britches!
Doofenshmirtz: And you, go ride that new rollercoaster a couple of times, okay?
Doofenshmirtz #7: Okey-Dokey!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, me too! Go, go, my facsimiles! Go wait in line so I never have to!
(The clones jump out of the blimp and arrive at the mall)
Doofenshmirtzs: (Cheering)/Geronimo!/Whoopee!/Santa Claus!/Native American icon!/Hey, there's the mall!/Well, that was fun!/Ooh, what fun!/Oh, I landed in a puddle.

(Cut to inside the mall)
Doofenshmirtzs: Look at the puppies!/I can get these glasses for 10 bucks? What a deal! (All talking at once)
Man: Hey, you see what these people are wearing?
Woman #3: Some kind of retro pharmacist outfit.
Man: I feel so 2 minutes and 5 seconds ago.
Woman #3: Hey, let's get back in style!
(Everyone shouting; Crashing)
Doofenshmirtz #8: Now I have two!

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Aren't they adorable? How about you jump, and fetch me something too, huh? Something like, um, your doom?
Doofenshmirtz #2: Hey, don't hurt the little bunny rabbit.
Doofenshmirtz: How did you get out of the trash, you drop-out bohemian? (To Perry) I'll be right back. I've got some deleting to do. That's right, tremble, my rejected friend. (accidentally presses the "Delete All" button) Oh no! I pushed the "Delete All" button by mistake!
(At the Googoplex Mall, all the Doofenshmirtz's disappear from existence)
Doofenshmirtz: Look what you made me do! Oh, guess who's paying for this! (Perry ties Doof's hands with the duct tape) What is this? (Perry jumps out) Hey, why did you jump out that-- (Gasps) Oh, you clever, little plat-- (gets dragged out) Well, that wasn't very bright! Now we're both going-- (gets wrapped around the gutter of a plane) CURSE YOU, PERRY THE PLATYPUS!
♪ Agent P! ♪

Doofelations Season 1:10 | The Magnificent Few

(Suspense music, Lasers firing)
Major Monogram: ...Yeah. And she was like "Oh no, you di-in't!" and-- Oh, there you are, Agent P. Oops. I forgot to turn off the laser sharks again, didn't I? My bad. Anyway, the evil Dr. Doofenshmirtz is at it again. Not only does he have 3 books about insects overdue at the library, but he's cornered the market on aluminum siding. He's hold up on his water fortress on Lake Winimahatikihaha. Ha-ha. I love saying that. You must find out what he's up to and put a stop to it. That is all.

(Tracking device beeping)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪
(Motor revving)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus! As usual, your timing is uncanny! And by uncanny, of course I mean: COMPLETELY CANNY!
(Button beeps)
So, Perry the Platypus, let me introduce to you my assistant, Vanessa.
Vanessa: Whatever. (Music buzzing on headphones)
Doofenshmirtz: (Nervous laugh) She's new. Anyway, at this very moment, termites all over the Tri-State Area will be controlled by me! Using my Termite Controlling Helmet. See? See? The have cute little helmets just like me. (Laughs) I don't want to tell you how long it took to put them all on. So, watch this!
(Termites buzzing)
Soon I will have them devour all the wood in the entire Tri-State Area. Then everyone will have to buy Aluminum Siding from me! (Laughs)
♪ Doofenshmirtz' Aluminum Siding! ♪
You're through, Perry the Platypus. Through! Now it is time for Platypus Flambé! (Laughs maniacally) (At Vanessa) Vanessa, did you bring the little wooden head the termites made?
(Lava bubbling)

(TV Static)
Doofenshmirtz: Any last noises, Perry the Platypus? You know that chirping silly noise that you make?
(Perry chatters)
That's the one! (Laughs, Rope burns) Wait, don't touch that button! No, the other one. Yes, that one! That's the one you should not touch! (Gasps, Alarm buzzing)
Female computer voice: Self-destruct sequence initiated.
Doofenshmirtz: Now you've gone and done it!
Vanessa: You put a self-destruct button in a death chamber? I'm so out of here. This is the worst Bring-your-daughter-to-work-day ever.
Doofenshmirtz: Tell your mother you had fun though.
Vanessa: Oh, by the way, I'm taking the last escape pod.
Doofenshmirtz: It's okay; I'll just take the jet pack. Now where did I put that-- Oh, what was I thinking? I put a jet pack in there too? I might as well have given him an escape hatch! I mean-
(Bell ringing)
Well... guess I'm running. (Screaming) Heeelp meee! Help! Ugh! (Screams) Wait, go back! (Stammers) I forgot my little wooden head!
(Explosion!)
Yes! Yes, we are safe!

Doofenshmirtz: (Laughs) You may think that I am defeated, Perry the Platypus. But I still have my Termite controlling Helmet! (Laughs, Jet pack sputtering; Screams) Save us, Perry the Platypus! Woah. Oh, (Laughs) I survived!
Perry: (Flips switch)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, what was that? Did-did you just hit the reverse switch? Oh, why did I put that on there? I can't even reach it! What is wrong with me, anyway?
(Termites buzzing) (Screams) Wait! Go away! (Screams) Stop! Help me! Help me!

Doofenshmirtz: (Screams) Curse you, Perry the Platypus!

Doofelations Season 1:11 | S'Winter

(Cut to Perry, who puts on his fedora and goes down the secret entrance to his lair)Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P. I'll get right to it. This time, we're worried about Doofenshmirtz buying laser pointers. I mean, 2 or 3 of them would be fine, but he just put in an order for 18,000 of them?! Only a crazed, evil and diabolical mind would do that. Sure you'll know what to do, Agent P.

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪Doofenshmirtz: As soon as he walks through that front door, no more Perry the Platypus. (Piano playing) It's genius, right? (sees Agent P) Oh—Oh, I told Nancy to keep the back door locked! (Clears throat; At tape recorder) Note to self; My evil deed for tomorrow. Fire the maid. (At Perry) What are you looking at? Not so fast, Perry the Platypus. Don't worry, it's not what you think. It's my special recipe for quick-hardening chocolate! Between you and me, my popularity has plummeted to an all-time low. But everybody loves chocolate! What if I could recreate chocolate in my own image? Behold! The Melt-inator 6500! Powered by thousands of laser pointers! It has a melting capacity...of 7. That's on a scale of 1–5, so that's a big number. Here. Watch this. Collect my harvest through the city streets, where it will be processed with my secret ingredients to produce the most irresistible confection in the Tri-State Area. Now do you understand what you are up against? Come on, you didn't get any of that? You didn't get any of that? (Sighs) Okay, I will start again. First of all, my popularity is an all-time low. You got that, right? Okay. Then--

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz and Agent P)Doofenshmirtz: ...With my Melt-inator 6500. There. Did you get it that time? (Sighs) Well, I'm not going over it again. Time to get started. At this very moment, the world's largest chocolate bar is passing through town on the way to The Smithsonian, but it will never arrive! In 5, 4, 3-- (Sighs) 2 1/2, 2 1/4. Is that it? Is that—you're not going to do anything? You're just going to stand there like a dead fish? I'm giving you a chance to do something here! Oh, this used to be more fun. 1 1/2, 1 1/4! You know, in some cultures, it's considered rude not to particip-- (Agent P kicks Doofenshmirtz) Ugh! Perry the Platypus? But how did you-- (Gasps) You ate your own heinie? (Grunting) I must aim it quickly! (Aims it at the world's largest chocolate bar, but Perry cranks up the speed, making Doofenshmirtz crash into Perry and the Melt-inator aim at the Flynn-Fletcher car)Lawrence: (On screen) Oh, the kids are going to love this Austrian-style cuckoo clock. Oh, I wish you'd let me buy the large one. (The Melt-inator fires, melting the tires of the car and making Linda scream)Lawrence: Maybe we should pull over and see what's going on. That's peculiar.Linda: Good thing we also bought those 4 spare tires, huh?

(Cut back to D.E. Inc)
Doofenshmirtz: You almost foiled my plan! (Perry is seen ensnared by pink sticky string.) Luckily, I had an extra can of sticky string to subdue you with. Oops, I forgot to plug it in. I always wait 'till the last minute 'cause it takes a lot of power. (plugs it in, only for the electricity to go out in Danville and making S'Winter melt.)
People: (Clamoring and moaning in disappointment) Aw, man!...
Isabella: Hey, everybody! My Mom's got hot chocolate!
(People cheering)

Doofelations Season 1:12 | Jerk De Soleil

(Cut to Perry who takes an elevator to his lair)
Major Monogram: (clearing his throat) Okay, Agent P. Dr. Doofenshmirtz is buying bio-mechanical equipment and... (chuckles) ...elocution tapes. (laughing) We-we don't know why. Where are you going, Agent P? Wait, wait, wait. Don't go. I'm not laughing at you. I just heard a funny joke earlier this morning. Please-please, Agent P. Turn around so we can conclude our meeting. (camera phone snaps) Carl! Carl! Carl! What's your e-mail? Gonna send this to you.
♪ Perry! ♪

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated)
Man: I'm dancing with your wife, pal. You got a problem with that?
Doofenshmirtz: I'm dance... (clears throat) "I'm dancing with your wife, pal. You got a problem with that?" Oh, yes, that does sound tough.
Man: Yeah, I ate your last nectarine. You got a problem with that?
Doofenshmirtz: Yes, I ate... (Perry crashes in as usual) Perry the Platypus, look. Could-could you use the front door from now on? Could you just do that for me? I mean, yes, "I ate your last nectarine. You got a problem with that?" Sounds tough, huh? But not tough enough! (He pushes button on a remote and Perry gets trapped in a net) You see; ever since I was a child, I had a high, squeaky voice! But not anymore. Behold: the Voice-inator! It bio-mechanically transforms normal air into Doofelium, which'll make everyone else's voice higher, making my voice deeper by comparison. I was going to lower my own voice, but, you know, it seemed like too much trouble. (Doofenshmirtz's air-craft launches out of the building; debris shatters all about and a crashing sound is heard; in the launch door-ways is a gaping hole where the air-craft flew through) Oh, come on!!!!

(Back at Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated, Perry frees himself and goes after Doofenshmirtz)
♪ Doo-dooby-doo-ba ♪
♪ Dooby-doo-ba-doo-dooby-doo-ba ♪
♪ Doo-dooby-doo-ba ♪
♪ Dooby-doo-ba-doo-dooby-doo-ba ♪
♪ Agent P! ♪

(Meanwhile, Perry catches up with Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, but you are too late. .... (Perry attenpts to turn it off) Wait! Wait, don't touch that! .... Stop it! Stop it! (Perry tickles Doofenshmirtz) Stop it, I told you! Stop it! I said, keep your hands off of that.

(Perry smacks Doofenshmirtz with his tail, making him crash into the on/off switch)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, great, now this thing's broken.
(The tube of Doofelium lowers into the hole Candace made)
Phineas: And now, ladies and gentlemen, (voice-pitch rising) I give you our entire cast in our grand finale, featuring The Amazing Perry!
(They then give off an amazing finale complete with Perry landing on the moon prop; the tent blows up and skyrockets into Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: (Voice rising) Curse you, Perry the Platypus! the crash causes an explosion)
(Cut to the backyard)
Kids: Thanks, Phineas. You're the coolest.
Boy: That was the best circus I've ever been to.
(Ferb pulls a lever and removes the bleachers)
Isabella: Well Phineas, awesome as usual!
Linda: Hi, guys.
Phineas: Mom, Dad, you missed our cirque.
Linda: Well, it sure looks like you had fun. (Perry chatters) Who wants to hear my CD?
Phineas: Ooh, I do.
Lawrence: All right, come on!
Phineas: Cool.
(They go in the house; Candace crawls onscreen)
Candace: (moans, back to normal voice) Oh, well, at least I'm back to normal.
Jeremy: Hey, Candace. My mom played me some of their CD. Your singing is awesome! How'd you get your voice to sound like that?
Candace: Oh, same as all the great blues singers: wild parsnips.

Doofelations Season 1:13 | Are You My Mummy?

(This episode mostly takes place in a movie theater shaped like the Sphinx)
Lawrence: Ooh, you know, kids, this theater was built over 70 years ago in this Neo-Egyptian style. (He buys the tickets and they walk inside) And apparently, there used to be a pharaoh's tomb display with a mummy in a sarcophagus. I mean, you couldn't pick a better place to watch a classic, old mummy movie.

(Inside, They watch the movie entitled "Bones of Doom" with the other audience.)
Explorer: (In movie) There's an inscription here. An... an incantation of some sort. "Owah Tagu Siam!"
(The mummy wakes up at the sound of these words, looking straight at the audience. Phineas and Ferb stare back)
Phineas: (turns to his dad) Dad, where do you find a mummy?
Lawrence: Hidden deep in the bowels of the pyramids. (Phone rings) Whoops, better put this on vibrate.
(The mummy is now standing right behind the explorer, poised and ready to pounce)
Explorer: (In movie) The incantation will make the mummy come to life and obey your commands. Well, beat me with a chicken. (The mummy starts beating him with a chicken) Ow! What?! Ooh! Hey! Stop! It's an--ow! Hey!
Phineas: Cool! Dad, is it hard to get into a pyramid?
Lawrence: Yes, indeed. Often you had to negotiate many booby traps that were set centuries before.
(In the movie, the mummy has just stepped on a small rock, apparently a trigger for a booby trap)
Explorer: (In movie) You ridiculous mummy. You just tripped one of your own booby traps. (There is a rumbling noise, and rocks begin to fall on the explorer and the mummy) She's gonna blow!
(They run for the exit, barely getting out in time)
Phineas: Awesome booby trap! (at Ferb) Ferb, we should get our own mummy.

(Song: "My Undead Mummy")
♪ Ba da ba ba da bah ♪
♪ Let me tell you 'bout my buddy, he's 3,000 years old ♪
♪ He's wrapped in bandages and covered in moldy debris ♪
♪ My undead mummy and me ♪
♪ Mm-mm ♪
♪ If a bully ever tries to poke me in the eye ♪
♪ I'll introduce him to my decomposing guy and he'll flee ♪
(Buford screams)
♪ From my undead mummy and me ♪
(Nose blowing)
♪ All the kids at school are gonna have a conniption ♪
♪ When they get a load of my funky Egyptian emcee ♪
(Record scratch)
♪ My undead mummy and me ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Undead mummy and me ♪

Phineas: That would be awesome! (At Lawrence) Dad, can we-- (Lawrence is snoring; to Ferb) Come on, Ferb. We'll be back before he wakes up.
Candace: Oh, those bozos aren't pulling anything on my watch! (Candace follows them, only to get caught between the doors)
Phineas: Hey, Ferb. Where's Perry?

(Agent P enters a secret entrance and takes a vehicle; Major Monogram appears on the screen)
Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P. Doofenshmirtz is at it again. It appears that he's purchased a string of odd items: One pound of blood sausage- Ech, that's my grocery list. Here it is. One magnet, one map of the city's drainage pipes and 2 tons of scrap metal. It's in your hands now, Agent P. Over and out.
♪ Doo be doo be doo ba, doo be doo be doo ba ♪
♪ Doo be doo be doo ba... ♪
(Perry dives out of the vehicle and into a submarine)
Computer voice: Dive. Dive. Dive.
(The submarine dives less than a foot into the water which wasn't very deep; yet he continues onward)

(At the theater's lobby...)
Phineas: Mr. Employee, sir, where's the mummy exhibit?
Employee: (Presses button) Manager assistance requested.
Employee #2: Yes?
Employee: These boys want to know where the mummy exhibit is.
Employee #2: It's in storage. In the basement.
Phineas: Guess who's goin' to the basement!
Woman: Uh, excuse me, where are the restrooms?
Employee: Manager assistance requested.
Employee #2: Yes?

(Candace is peeking out from behind a plant)
Candace: There they go.
(The boys open the door to find...)
Phineas: Look! Pith helmets! We might be going the right way. Say something pithy.
Candace: That's it. I'm calling Dad.

(At the movie, Lawrence's cell phone vibrates)
Lawrence: (Laughs) Ohh!

(Back to Candace)
Candace: Oh, forget it! I'm going in myself. (knocks over a series of posts, which strike a gumball machine and cause the gumball container to come loose and roll after her. Candace enters the stairwell and steps in a mop bucket with wheels that's full of water and goes down the stairs)
Phineas: Did you hear that? Maybe it's the mummy.
Candace: (lands at the bottom of the stairway) Eww. My shoe is all squishy!
(The gumball container rolls toward the door, down the stairs and towards the boys. Ferb immediately gets on Phineas' shoulders)
Phineas: Uh, Ferb? What are you doing? (Ferb extends his arms out an grabs a pipe and they land on the gumball container) Woah! Who knew looking for mummies would be so much fun? Watch this! (They then do some tricks before ramming above the door) Ugh! (They land and watch the gumball container roll away) Hey, Ferb, this was our first booby trap! Woo! Hey, look! The storage! We're here!
(Back to Candace)
Candace: Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, when I catch them...
(She sees the gumball container coming and runs for it; she tries to go over the gumball container, but the pipe breaks, causing her to stare at the camera bemusedly; she tries again, but she lands in the overhead duct and comes out beat up) Oh, give me a break! (The gumball container then rolls past her, up the stairs and into the elevator; Candace sees this and walks away and gets into an elevator)
(Song: I'm Lindana and I Wanna Have Fun! elevator music)
(Candace sees the gumball container in the elevator and runs out with the gumball in pursuit; she tries a couple of storage doors, but they're locked. Eventually the gumball container breaks and she rolls into a supplies closet)
Candace: Bubble gum? Oh, really old, stale bubble gum! Blaugh! (she inadvertently gets some butter and toilet paper on her and she walks out looking like a mummy) Phineas!

(At the dam, Doofenshmirtz is working on an inator; Perry surfaces)
Doofenshmirtz: Almost done, just this one more little bit! (Perry appears and kicks the paintbrush out of Doof's hand) Perry the Platypus! As usual, your timing is incredible! And by "Incredible", of course I mean: COMPLETELY CREDIBLE! (Laser fires trapping Perry in a ball) No use, Perry the Platypus! I made this out of something that cannot be penetrated! Pure evil! And a blend of space-age polymers. You see, Perry the Platypus, I'm going to unleash the water held by this dam into that huge drainage pipe that leads directly to the ocean. The additional water will raise the sea level by 2%, and then my property one block from the shoreline will become beachfront property! (Laughs maniacally) And to release the water from the dam, I've invented a ray, which attracts wood like it attracts metal: The Wood-inator! Which was almost complete until you rudely interrupted me. Oh, look at this, Perry. It's my paintbrush. You know, the one you knocked out of my hand a few moments ago. Maybe you want to take it back from me now, huh? Huh, you want to try? (Laughs) Goodbye, Perry the Platypus! (pushes Perry into the river)

(Cut back to the boys; they go in and approach a fake mummy)
Phineas: Owah Tagu Siam! (Phineas grabs the fake mummy and inadvertently pops it) There's nothing here but fakey promotional lobby junk. For all we know, there might not be such thing as a mummy. (At Mummy Candace) Yeah, I'll be right with you. I mean-- (Gasps)
Candace: Phineas!
Phineas: (Screams; Slams door)
(Egyptian Guitar Solo)
[They evade Candace at different points of the room; finally they hide inside a Safari Man 2 in 3D stand-up display]
Phineas: Wow, I didn't expect them to be so scary. I mean, can you imagine the angry, twisted soul hidden under those bandages?
Candace: Phineas!
Phineas: Makes me shudder. But you know what? We came down here looking for a mummy, and I'm not leaving without one. Let's get him! (Egyptian Guitar Solo continues while the boys try to catch Candace; finally they catch her by enclosing her in a wooden Egyptian coffin.) Hey, Ferb. We got our own mummy! Now, how are we going to get it home?

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: And... finished! (presses a button that picks up parts of the dam; one of the beavers sees Perry in the bubble. They chatter and the beaver takes a log and chews it down to a toothpick, but uses his own teeth to burst the bubble that has Perry trapped. They shake hands and slap tails and Perry runs back to the beaver dam)
♪ Perry! ♪
(Cut back to the Woodenator)
Doofenshmirtz:It is working! (laughs) It is functioning properly! (Perry chatters, getting his attention; he gasps) Perry the Platypus? You defeated my bubble of pure evil? Ooh! (he traps himself and Perry in a bubble and land in the river just as the dam falls apart) Oh, no! What? (Perry uses Doofenshmirtz's nose to pop the bubble and escapes) Is my nose really that pointy?
(The river rolls all the way into a pipe that leads to the theater; Perry leaps out just as the hallway starts to flood; cut to the boys)
Phineas: You know what this is? Our second booby trap! (Water splashing; drifting the boys off with the coffin and Perry) There you are, Perry. (Perry chatters; they then go down a rapid) WOO-HOO-HOO! OH YEAH! (they then go up the rapid) WOO-HOO! (They burst through the roof) OH YEAH! (they land near the car; at Candace) Hey, Candace, you missed all the fun. Allow me to introduce our mummy. (realizes the "mummy" isn't there) Hey, where's our mummy? Mummy? Mummy?
Lawrence: Well, Mummy has supper waiting for us at home. (at Candace) Candace, why are you all wet?
Candace: (Growls)

(In the car)
Ferb: You know, mummies had their brains pulled out through their nose.
Candace: (Scoffs) The lucky ones.

Doofelations Season 1:14 | Ready for the Bettys

(Cut back to the Flynn-Fletcher house.)
Phineas: (offscreen) All right, (Cut to he and Ferb in the backyard with blueprints set out.) what should we do today? One - an escalator to the moon? Two - become secret agents? Three - clone giant hamsters? (Pauses) Hey, where's Perry? (Leans against the tree) Huh. I wonder where he goes when we can't find him.
(He unknowingly presses a switch on the trunk opening a secret door.)
Phineas (cont'd.): What the...? Some sort of secret room? (They enter.) Wow.
(They get sucked down to Perry's lair.)
Phineas (cont'd.): What in the world? A secret underground headquarters, with a particle disruptor and...oh, a hovercraft! Looks like we're gonna be secret agents, huh? When did you find the time to build all this, Ferb?
Ferb: Actually, I -–
Major Monogram: Hello, Agent P. Hang on, hang on. It's here somewhere on this clipboard from which I have yet to look up.
(Perry comes down his entrance tube and is shocked to see Phineas and Ferb in his chair)
Phineas: Agent P? P for Phineas, nice touch, Ferb!
Ferb: Actually --
(Perry sneaks behind his chair and waves his arm in an attempt to get Major Monogram's attention.)
Major Monogram: Ah, yes, here it is. Dr. Doofenshmirtz. Huh, what a surprise. Building some sort of destructo ray. End of the world. Yada, yada, yada. I'm faxing you the coordinates.
(The coordinations print out the side of the chair.)
Phineas: Cool!
(Monogram turns around and notices the boys in Perry's chair.)
Major Monogram: Good googly-moogly! (He slides down off-screen) Do... (cut to the camera room where Carl is shown piloting the camera.) Carl. Carl, who are those kids?
Carl: Oh, boy. They're Agent P's owners, sir. Looks like they found one of our secret tunnels.
Phineas: Sweet! We got our mission, Agent F. To the hover jet!
(They zip over to Perry's hovercraft and ride it out.)
♪ Phineas and Ferb, Phineas and Ferb ♪
Major Monogram: Is that the hover jet? Oh, no, they didn't! (at Perry) There you are, Agent P. Those boys are in jeopardy and not covered under our hover jet insurance plan, so, stop Doofenshmirtz and protect those boys. (Perry flies out on his chair; at Carl) Oh, and where are you going, Mr. The Boys Will Never Find A Tree Tunnel?

(Cut to Perry ascending a mountain into a cave.)
Major Monogram: (voice-over) Stop Doofenshmirtz. Protect the boys. Stop Doofenshmirtz. Protect the boys.
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen, hums; enters carrying a tray of food) Ah, nothing like a nice snack before testing the Destructinator. 
(Perry jumps on the tray and grabs his nose.)

Doofenshmirtz: Aah! (muffled) Hey, Perry the Platypus, why do you always go for the nose?

(In the cave, Perry is protecting himself from tennis balls firing at him with a board.)
Doofenshmirtz: (laughing) My automatic tennis ball server can go all night, Perry the Plat-
(Perry spins the machine around to point at the Destructinator; one ball hits it, making it activate.)
Male computer voice: Destructinator countdown initiated. 30 seconds to activation. (Phineas and Ferb land outside.) 30, 29, 28, 27, 26, 25, 24, 23, 22...
(Perry pushes Doofenshmirtz into the closet before the boys enter.)
Phineas: (overlapping) Wow, Ferb, this evil villain lair is awesome! I see you carved it out with dynamite. Nice, nice. Aw, cool, you got an automatic tennis ball server! Sweet!
(Cut to inside the closet.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, what's going on, Perry the Platyp–- (Perry sticks a mop in his mouth; muffled speech)

(At the cave, Perry pushes the Destructinator over the cliff and flies off on his chair.)
♪ Dooby-dooby-doo-ba, dooby-dooby-doo-ba, dooby-dooby-doo-ba ♪
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) Curse you, Perry the Plat- Oof. Bleah. (Cut to inside where he's tied up and mops are shot into his mouth by the automatic tennis ball launcher.) Curse you, Perry the Plat- Oof. Bleah. Curse you, Perry the - Bleah. Why did I buy so many mops? Oof.

Doofelations Season 1:15 | I Scream, You Scream

(At Charlene and Vanessa's house)
Charlene: So, I'm going out, Vanessa. Remember, you're at your Dad's this weekend.
Vanessa: Great. A whole 48 hours of evil.
Charlene: Vanessa Doofenshmirtz, your father is not evil. We just didn't get along. We wanted different things.
Vanessa: Was one of those things "To be evil"? Because he's evil.
Charlene: He's not evil, honey. No one's evil.
Vanessa: No, Mom. He's evil. You don't notice about him? He has evil schemes. Normal people don't have schemes of any kind. And there's this secret agent that always bursts in, and--
Charlene: I think you're being overly dramatic.
Vanessa: Mom, I'm not being dramatic. Dad builds evil contraptions every day. Wait. (Phone beeps) Let me check on something.
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorpora-- ♪
(Phone beeps) Yup. He's even got his own evil jingle right on his answering machine. (Speed dial) Listen!
Doofenshmirtz: (On Phone) Hello?
Charlene: Oh, hello, Heinz.
Vanessa: Dad! Why did you pick up? You always let the machine get it!
Doofenshmirtz: Well, I heard it ring the first time, so I was standing right by the phone. Oh, by the way, could you pick up some blueprints for me on your way over? Thank you, sweetie.
(Phone beeps)
Vanessa: Great. Now he wants me to pick up some evil blueprints for his latest evil contraption. And as soon as he's done building it, I'll have proof! I'll call you, and you can see for yourself.

(Inside Blueprint Heaven)
Worker: So, you need plans to build a giant ice cream sundae maker, do you? Hmm, I'm not sure we sell blueprints for that anymore. Whoa! Hold on, sweetie. No need to get upset. I'll go check in the back, okay? Okay. Let's see. Giant sundae machine. I got a yogurt machine! How that sound? Yeah, I don't care for yogurt either, baby. I'll keep looking. You're in luck. I found one! Now, what do you need, sweetie?
Vanessa: I'm here to pick up an order for Doofenshmirtz.
Worker: Oh, yes. Your Daddy just called.
Vanessa: Hey, how's it goin'?

(Camera pans over to Perry, who's taking a nap on the lawn)
(Boing)
♪ Perry! ♪
Major Monogram: Sorry to wake you, Agent P. Looks like Doofenshmirtz is getting sloppy. He sent his daughter right into our sting operation and purchased blueprints for a Space Las-inator. We intend to pass him fake plans, but due to a rookie error, and by "rookie", I mean Carl.
Carl: Sorry, my bad.
Major Monogram: The plans he received are real; terrifyingly real.
Carl: Again, I must apologize, I was in character--
Major Monogram: You better step on it, Agent P. Before it's too late.

♪ Doo be doo be doo ba ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, you—you're early. I haven't even started yet. My-my daughter should be here any minute with the blueprints, though. Oh, there she is. (At Vanessa) Good morning, Vanessa. You remember Perry the Platypus.
Vanessa: Yeah, hi.
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, why don't you have a seat in my waiting area? Read some magazines! Sorry they're all in Spanish, I--I steal them from my neighbor. You know, evil never rests.
Vanessa: So, Dad, this plan, it's evil, right?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, yes, yes it is! It's nice to see you taking an interest in the family business.
Vanessa: That's all I need to know. (Phone beeps)

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil, Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, Perry the Platypus, it's finally ready! (Button beeps) Too bad you can do nothing but watch as I prepare to launch my Space Laser-Inator!
(Beeping)
Vanessa: Wow, I bet that thing must be really evil, huh?
Doofenshmirtz: Vanessa, take a look out that window and tell me what you see.
Vanessa: Uh, not much.
Doofenshmirtz: Exactly! Ever since that stupid billboard went up, my panoramic view is completely ruined. I used to have this perfect vantage point for enjoying the delicious misery of others.
(Flashbacks)
(Car crashes)
Man: Oh, man!
(Bone snaps)
Man #2: Oh, man!
Woman: You owe $78,000.
Man #3: Oh, man!
(Flashbacks end)
Doofenshmirtz: But, after I launch this baby into orbit, my problem will be solved! Then, I can go on to eliminate all the other annoyances that make my skin crawl! Like, uh...nature! (Laser zaps) Beauty! (Laser zaps)
Crowd: Aw.
Doofenshmirtz: Morning talk show hosts!
(Laser zaps)
(Crowd cheers)
Doofenshmirtz: Soon, there will be nothing that can withstand the wrath of Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz!
Vanessa: Doctor? Since when are you a doctor?
Doofenshmirtz: They don't just give these out to anybody, you know.
Vanessa: Anybody with 15 bucks, they do.
Doofenshmirtz: That's enough looking! I'd love to debate you, but I have some pressing business to take care of, like remaking the Tri-State Area in my own, twisted image! (Laughs maniacally)
Vanessa: Oh my gosh! This is worse than I thought! Oh, Dad is going to be so busted.
Vanessa/Candace: ♪ Busted ♪

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: Now, to launch my creation and begin my reign of terror! Evil terror. (Button beeps, whirring; Ding) Huh? Ah. (ice cream splats onto him) Ugh... Well, this can't be right.

(Inside the D.E.I. building, Charlene comes up the elevator)
Vanessa: Come on, Mom! Hurry!
(Cut to Doofenshmirtz's apartment, the door opens)
Vanessa (cont.): (with her eyes closed) See?! Evil!! I told you!!!
(horror music)
Charlene: Hmm...um, that's not evil, dear.
(Vanessa looks on horrified, we see Doofenshmirtz covered in ice cream.)
Charlene (cont.): A bit much, perhaps. Heinz, what is all this? I thought you were lactose intolerant.
Doofenshmirtz: I am!!
Charlene: (presses button; more ice cream falls) Oh... I'm paying you way too much alimony. (Notices Perry, now in pet mode) And what's over there? That is no way to treat your pet!
Vanessa: But Mom, that's a secret agent!
Charlene: A secret agent? He's just a little platypus. They don't do much, you know.
(Vanessa gives a disgusted look at the camera.)

Doofelations Season 1:16 | Toy to the World

(Cut to Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: Ah, there you are, Agent P. We suspect your nemesis, Dr. Doofenshmirtz, has been pilfering bricks from buildings across the Tri-State Area. Animals are rioting, convicts are escaping from the zoo. It's chaos! You've got to stop him, Perry, (Perry salutes) before it all falls down.

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Annex! ♪

(Perry gets caught in a brick trap)
Doofenshmirtz: (chuckles) Well, if it isn't Perry the Platypus! You've arrived precisely on cue. Allow me to explain. Voila! (removes a cover, revealing a replica of the Tri-State Area) A precise 1/100th scale replica of the Tri-State Area! (chuckles) You'd be surprised how much free time I have. Now, with all the bricks that I've, uh... (chuckles) collected, I'll construct... the Great Wall of the Tri-State Area! Thereby cutting off the citizens from the rest of the world! (laughs) And how do people get in and out the city, you ask? With this! Official Doofenshmirtz-approved toll booth! I haven't really worked out a price point yet, but it won't be cheap, I can tell you that!

(Instrumental version of Perry's theme starts playing in the background)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, how did you escape? Hmm... I probably should have used cement. Ah, no matter. You'll never catch me! (laughs)

(Doofenshmirtz runs on the rooftops with Perry in pursuit)
Doofenshmirtz: (chuckles) You can't stop me, Perry the Platypus! You couldn't stop me with a billion Perry the Platypuses! Because I am unstoppablllllllllllllle!
(Doofenshmirtz falls from a skylight and into a container of Perry the inaction figures)
Doofenshmirtz: (laughs) Finally, I lost you, Perry the Platypus! I'm free of you! (notices the inaction figures, then screams) Get 'im off of me! Get 'im off of me! Get 'im off of me!
Worker #1: So, did you see the game on Saturday?
Worker #2: Yeah, a real nail biter.
Doofenshmirtz: Shoo, shoo! Go away! .... Wow, that was just disturbing. Waah! No, no! Get away from me! (falls into a box)

Doofenshmirtz: (trapped in one of the boxes) Curse you, Perry the Platypus!
(Perry looks around, trying to find where the voice is coming from. He finally shrugs then leaves; deciding that the mission is over.)

Doofenshmirtz: Wait, wait! Where are we going? Is that sea water I smell? I hope I'm not on a boat, 'cause I get sea sick.

Doofelations Season 1:17 | Get That Bigfoot Outa My Face!

(Agent P knocks on the door, and goes down the secret entrance with webs to his lair and saves a flower vase)
Major Monogram: Sorry about that, Agent P. We haven't used that tree slide in years. Not since I was at... the Academy. (Sad music) Anyway, Doofenshmirtz seems to be up to something, Agent P. He's hold up at his evil woodland retreat. You're mission is to find out what he's up to. Please, Agent P. Be careful. (Thinking) The Academy.
Kid: But I don't want to go to the Academy, Daddy.
Man: I'm not your father, it's been decided.
Kid: I love you, Daddy.

(Later that night, Perry shows up)
Doofenshmirtz: (Laughs) Tonight! It all happens tonight! (he sees Perry) Perry the Platypus! How unexpected! And by unexpected, I mean: (Record scratch) Unexpected. What are you doing here? This is my week off. (Perry stares at the dinner table) Oh, that. (Laughs) Well, uh, well, I suppose you should know I- I've started dating again. I met someone online. I know what you're thinking, but- But we're meeting for the first time, and I'm-- Oh, you gotta go.
♪ ("Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.!" Doorbell) ♪
Oh no, Perry the Platypus! She can't see you! She doesn't know I have a nemesis! Oh, and I- I don't have time to destroy you. Uh, you could be my pet. You think you can act like a mindless animal?
(Door opens)
Doofenshmirtz's date: Oh, uh, hello. I'm looking for Strudelcutie4427. (Notices Perry, picks him up) Wow, aren't you the cutest little thing? Are you my date for this evening?
Doofenshmirtz: No, no! (Laughs) Uh, that would be me. I'm Strudelcutie4427. Nice to meet you. Uh, this is my pet platypus. He was just going outside for a nightly walk.
Doofenshmirtz's date: Oh, could I hold him a little longer? He's so sweet. (At Perry) Oh, yes. Yes you are.
Doofenshmirtz: (Laughs) Well, I guess he can stay a- A little bit, but- You know what they say. Three's a crowd and whatnot. (Laughs)

(Cut back to the woodland villa)
Doofenshmirtz's date: You are the cutest thing I've ever seen. Yes, you are. Yes, you are.
Doofenshmirtz: You know, some people say we look alike.
Doofenshmirtz's date: Uh, I don't think so. (At Perry) Not at all. No, not at all.
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, darling, you haven't even touched your cucumber water. I made it especially for you.
Doofenshmirtz's date: You know, Strudelcutie4427 was a lot less needy online.
Doofenshmirtz: (Sighs) I'm going to go get some air.
Doofenshmirtz's date: ...Lot less needy online.
(Door squeaks)
Doofenshmirtz: (Sips cucumber water, Spits it out) Oh, I don't even like cucumbers! Why do I always get the crazies?

(Back to the campfire)
(Wolf howls)
Phineas: And when the moon is full, like it is tonight, Bigfoot will return, and exact his revenge. (Leaves rustling) Huh? What was that noise?
(All gasping and screaming)
Baljeet: I really should have packed more underpants...
(The kids continue to scream endlessly in fear and terror. Doofenshmirtz hears their hollers.)
Doofenshmirtz: (Gasps) That sounded like screaming children! But it's not my birthday. (He falls off the balcony screaming; cut back to the campfire)
Phineas: You guys crack me up! (Laughing)
Isabella: Phineas, what are you talking about?
Phineas: There's no Bigfoot! It's just Ferb in the tree! Look! See? They're just dummies! (At Ferb) Nice rope skills, my friend!
Isabella: Then... who is this?
Phineas: Ah, it's an inflatable Ferb. (Air hissing) Sounds like Ferb too.
Buford: That was awesome!

(Back to the villa, Doofenshmirtz pulls himself up all covered in leaves)
Doofenshmirtz's date: What was that? You better stay here while I investigate. (She goes outside, allowing Perry to escape) Oh! (sees the leaf-covered Doofenshmirtz) Bigfoot?
Doofenshmirtz: Huh? What?
Doofenshmirtz's date: Bigfoot!
Doofenshmirtz: No, no, no! Wait! It's me! Ugh! (The date hits him with her purse, causing him to fall)
Doofenshmirtz's date: Strudelcutie4427? Whoops.
♪ Agent P! ♪

(Doofenshmirtz falls down and lands on the ground)
Doofenshmirtz: It's not the worst date I've ever had. There was that one that kept stabbing me with a fork. Get this off of-- (sees the Bigfoot dummies and runs for it)

Doofelations Season 1:18 | It's a Mud, Mud, Mud, Mud World

(Slide squeaking)
Major Monogram: Oh, hey Agent P. So, get this: I got this memo this morning on Doofenshmirtz. And somebody abbreviated his name and it- guess how they wrote it. (Pauses) Doof! (Laughs) The Doof! (Laughs again) It's times like these when you really appreciate having a cool name like Monogram.
Carl: And Carl.
Major Monogram: I already told you your name's not that cool. Anyway, do your stuff, Agent P, and stop that- DOOF! (Laughs)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Gentlemen, I have a unique investment opportunity for you. I'm sure you're all aware of the popularity of monster trucks, right? But you know, they are not really monsters, just big, stupid trucks! So, I came up with my own line of monster trucks! Behold!
(Electric Guitar)
Very evil, don't you think? And there's even one that looks like me! Look, look! (Laughs) We'll corner the markets! And just to be sure, I have created: The Monster Truck Away-inator! (Dramatic music) You know, to do away with the competition.
Evil Investor: But is it safe to use?
Doofenshmirtz: Sure, let me demonstrate. (Fires laser, shooting at the evil investor) See? It doesn't affect people at all!
Evil Investor: (Head swelling up)
Doofenshmirtz: Except maybe a little swelling, but don't worry, it will go down. You know, probably. Now, watch what it does to this miniature monster truck! (Fires laser; Evil Investors talking at once) I don't know where it sends them, maybe another dimension.

Doofenshmirtz: Of course, that was just a toy. Let's try it out on a real monster truck. Huh? Which brings me to my next invention. The Monster Truck Locate-Inator! (At Perry) Perry the Platypus? Guess what? That's not a monster truck locate-inator at all! It's a Chinese platypus trap! (Laughs) I got you. Here's the real Locate-inator! Okay, now, where is the nearest monster truck? Yes! Right here in Danville! Okay, everybody, get in me and we'll go.
Evil Investor: Are you sure you want to bring him?
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? Well, yes, of course. He's my nemesis. I have to show him everything.

Doofenshmirtz: Okay, left on to Maple Drive, and here we are! Oh, great. There's no parking spot! I should've invented a Parked Car Away-Inator.
Evil Investor: Oh, ja! That is something that I vould buy.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, look at him. He's got a big head, suddenly some sort of marketing genius.

Doofenshmirtz: Time for some Monster Truck Away-Inating! Okay, steady now... Here we-
♪ Perry! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? But-but, but how did you get out of the Chinese platypus trap?
Man: Ancient Chinese secret. (snip snip)
Doofenshmirtz: I don't remember inviting him. (At Perry) No, wait! Perry the Platypus! No, no! Please! Don't turn the dial to the "Doofenshmirtz mobile and Evil Investors away-inator"! (Perry flips switch) I have to rethink my dials. (Car disappears)
Evil Investors: Hey, look guys! My swelling went down!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, shut up.
Alien: (Eats Doofenshmirtz and evil investors; Burps)
Doofenshmirtz: (Bubble pops) Curse you, Perry the Platypus!

Doofelations Season 1:19 | Journey to the Center of Candace

(Scene opens up showing the Flynn-Fletcher house.)
Linda: What a beautiful summer day. Do you boys have anything exciting planned?
Phineas: We're either gonna make this nuclear-powered submarine or this incredible shrinking ray.
But for some reason, Ferb and I can't seem to make up our minds.
Linda: Well, I've made up my mind. (hugs them) You two have the most wonderful imaginations.
Candace: It's real, you know.
Linda: What's real, dear?
Candace: The submarine? The shrinking ray? They're really gonna build that stuff.
Phineas: (walks up) Well, actually we haven't (Candace pushes him away with her spoon) decided yet--
Candace: (talking fast) Anyway, when I try to bust them, everything will just magically disappear. Always happens. you'll see. Well, you won't see. I'll see, trust me.
Linda: (Oblivious) As usual, the imagination in this room is astounding! (walks away)
(Candace's cell phone rings)
Candace: (With the spoon in her mouth) Hello?
Jeremy: (On phone) Hi, Candace. (cut to him) It's Jeremy. I was wondering if you wanted to go for a walk today?
(Candace spits out her cereal then daintily wipes her mouth with a napkin)
Candace: I would very much enjoy going for a walk. Wherever shall we go?
Jeremy: To my uncle's restaurant?
Candace: Yes! That sounds do-able! Why not pick me up around noon? Okay! Goodbye. (hangs up, dials) Oh, my gosh! Guess who just called and asked me out on a date!
Stacy: (On phone) Who!?
Candace: Jeremy!
Stacy: (On phone) Ahh! • Candace: Ahh!
Stacy: (On phone) Ahh! • Candace: Ahh!
Stacy: (On phone) Hold on! Let's conference in Jenny!
Candace: Okay! (dials) Ahh!
Stacy/Jenny: (On phone) Ahh! • Candace: Ahh!
Stacy/Jenny: (On phone) Ahh! • Candace: Ahh!
Stacy/Jenny: (On phone) Ahh! • Candace: Ahh!
Stacy/Jenny: (On phone) Ahh! • Candace: Ahh!
Phineas: (overlapping) Let's go outside!!

(Scene shifts to the backyard)
Phineas: Submarine, shrinking ray. I just can't make up my mind!
Isabella: (offscreen) What'cha doooin'?
Phineas: Oh. Hi, Isabella.
Isabella: (Walks up walking her dog) Hi, Phineas! You remember Pinky.
(Close up of Pinky)
Phineas: (offscreen) Oh, yeah! Hi, Pinky!
Isabella: (Showing her Fireside sash) Hey, check out my new sash! It's got all my accomplishment patches sewn onto it. (holds aforesaid sash in front of him) See?
Phineas: Wow. That looks totally irreplaceable.
(Pinky jumps up and swallows Isabella's sash.)
Isabella: Oh no! Pinky, I need that sash for a Fireside Girls ceremony this afternoon!
Phineas: Don't worry, Isabella, we'll get your sash back.
Isabella: But how? It's in Pinky's stomach.
(Ferb holds up the blueprints.)
Phineas: Hmm... (realizing) Ferb, you're a genius! Hey, where's Perry?

(Camera pans to Perry, who's hiding behind the fence. He puts on his fedora and then enters in a code on a panel. A fence post catapults him, an entrance opens, and he falls into it. After a quick "shot" of him sliding down in a tube, he's in his lair about a minute later.)
Major Monogram: Agent P, thanks for coming.
It's Dr. Doofenshmirtz. He's been hiding out in the old abandoned vacuum cleaner factory. You know, that building across town with the giant vacuum cleaner on top? Man, I can't believe that place closed. I blame the Internet. (pause)
Your mission, Agent P, is to find out what Doofenshmirtz is up to and then stop him.

(Scene shifts to the garage)
Isabella: So, how are we gonna retrieve my sash?
Phineas: Here. Ferb made this multimedia presentation. We shrink the sub down with Ferb and me in it and put in Pinky's dog food. After he eats us, the sub extrudes two mechanical arms, which fold up the sash to microscopic size and pull it into the sash storage unit. Finally, we pilot up into the mouth and have Pinky drool us out. Easy.
Isabella: Gross, but cool! But Pinky will eat anything but dog food. He likes grilled cheese sandwiches.
(Pinky pants excitedly)
Phineas: Not a problem. You make the sandwich. We'll make the sub.
(Ferb imitates Pinky's excited panting)

Man: Okay. A subatomic shrinking module, hydrostatic ballast tank, and a case of AA batteries. Sign here, please.
Phineas: Aren't you wondering if we're a little young to be building a submarine?
Man: Yes, yes I am.
Phineas: Yeah. We get that a lot.

Isabella: One grilled cheese sandwich, hot off the... Oh, cool!
Phineas: Hey, Isabella. You're just in time.
Isabella: You guys amaze me.
Phineas: When we're inside, we'll activate the shrinkage. You take care of the rest.
Isabella: Check it out, Pinky, your favorite.
(engine whirring)
Phineas: Ready?
(After a blue button is pushed, the submarine shrinks then lands into the grilled cheese sandwich.)
Isabella: It worked! All right, Pinky-Winky, time for some cheesy-weesy!
(A black cat yowls and Pinky's ears perks up. The cat hisses then runs off with a barking Pinky in pursuit.)
Isabella: (While running after Pinky) No, Pinky! Chasing the cat is so cliche! You're better than that!

Candace: (after opening the door to the garage) Listen up! Jeremy will be here any second and I wanna tell you...
(notices the grilled cheese sandwich)
Ooh, grilled cheese, my favorite. Might as well eat now, so I don't look like a pig on my date.

♪ Doofenshmirtz's Abandoned Vacuum Cleaner Factory! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? I... You know, we always do the same thing. I have a scheme, you try to stop me, I trap you, I tell you my scheme, you escape, then we fight, and I'm defeated. Let's mix it up a little. Let me tell you what. I will tell you my scheme first and then I will trap you! What do you say, huh? Yes, this is much better. Okay, so here it is. The Make-Up-Your-Mind-inator! (chuckles) You know, when you're waiting to order a pizza and the person in front of you can't decide on a topping. Ohh, I hate that! I hate it! (mumbles) I will destroy anyone who can't make up their mind!
(Echoes) Destroy anyone who can't make up their mind!
(Flashback)
Phineas: Ferb and I can't seem to make up our minds.
(Flashback ends. Perry becomes enraged)
Doofenshmirtz: Should I go with Make-Up-Your-Mind-inator? Or is that too-on-the-nose? It's funny. Now I can't make up my mind. Oof! (Perry attacks Doofenshmirtz in a frenzy and cuffs him to a wall) Perry the Platypus! What are... Well, I--I did not see that coming.
(Perry clamps the other handcuff onto a pipe)
Doofenshmirtz: Calling headquarters, huh? Hmm. Yes, you—you didn't even give me a chance to trap you.
(Camera pans to a giant snow globe, with the S'winter song)
Doofenshmirtz: See? I was going to put you in that giant snow globe over there. (Camera switches back to him) Now I have to return it.
Major Monogram: Agent P! What's wrong? Oh! You caught Doofenshmirtz, huh? That's weird. Usually he traps you, then you escape and then...
Doofenshmirtz: We mixed it up a little!
Major Monogram: Hang tight, Agent P. Backup is on the way. I mean, it would be, if we had some. Uh, I'm gonna make some calls.

(Scene shifts to Candace, still in the garage, enjoying the grilled cheese sandwich)
Candace: Oh, yeah. (chewing noisily) This is good.
Phineas: It worked! Pinky's chewing! Prepare for swallowing!
(Doorbell rings)
Candace: (Gasps) Jeremy's here! (Gulps)
Phineas: Whoa! Whaah! (Sonar pinging) Wow. Pinky's neck is really long.

(Scene cuts to the front door)
Jeremy: Hey, Candace.
Candace: Hi, Jeremy.
Phineas: Whoa!
Candace: (Belches) Heh heh. Heh. Excuse me.
Phineas: We did it, Ferb! We're inside Pinky. How about a little road trip music?
(Song: Hemoglobin Highway)
♪ Just the two of us ♪
♪ In an esophagus ♪
♪ It's time to get this mission rollin' ♪
♪ Don't wanna make a fuss ♪
♪ But that was the pancreas ♪
♪ Look down before we reach the colon ♪
♪ On the hemoglobin highway
♪ (Hemoglobin...) ♪
♪ In a mini submarine ♪
♪ (Mini submarine...) ♪
♪ If you're goin' my way ♪
♪ You'll see what I mean ♪
♪ Hang a left at the spleen... ♪
Phineas: Now to find that sash. Hey, tacos! Ah, tacos. You know who makes the best tacos? Mom. These kind of remind me of the ones we had... for dinner last night. Hey, Pinky didn't have dinner with us. Wait a minute. Candace's favorite cereal?
(Phineas's cell phone rings)
Phineas: Hello?
Isabella: Phineas, where are you? Pinky ran away, and when I came back, the sandwich was gone!
Phineas: Okay, let me call you back. (to Ferb) Yeah, we're inside Candace's stomach.
Ferb: That's creepy on so many levels.

(Scene shifts to the abandoned vacuum cleaner factory)
Doofenshmirtz: (Looking at his watch) This backup of yours is taking forever. (Points to the left while Perry gets up and stretches) I have a travel chess set in my bag over there. (Perry walks in the opposite direction) Do you play chess? (Still pointing to the left) Over there, actually.
(Perry opens the bag to the right, only get trapped by a magnet belt)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha ha ha ha! I tricked you, Perry the Platypus! (Takes a hairpin from his hair then uses it to pick the lock on the handcuff) Do you like my Any-Flat-Surface-Magnet-Belt? It sticks to any flat surface. Hee hee hee hee. Guess what? There's no travel chess set in this bag, either. (gets trapped by the other magnet belt) There was one of these in both bags, so whichever one you chose, you would be stuck. Just like I'm... stuck... right now. What, uh... wh-what time is that backup getting here again?

(Scene shifts to the mini submarine)
Phineas: Oh, here we are. Let's tap into Candace's nerve center so we can see what she sees. Ears. Eyes. Look, we're getting an image. She's on her date with Jeremy. That means we're on a date with Jeremy.
Ferb: Again, creepy on so many levels.
(Candace's cell phone rings)
Candace: Oh, excuse me. My phone is ringing. Hello?
Phineas: Candace, I know this sounds weird, but Ferb and I shrunk down in a submarine. We were in that sandwich you ate, and now we're in your stomach.
(Candace chuckles nervously)
Candace: Are you wacko? Don't call me!
Phineas: Wait! We can prove it! (to Ferb) How do we prove it? "(Ferb pulles up a feather duster to tickle Candace's insides)
Candace: (Laughing) Whoo! Yeah! (Whispering harshly) What is going on?
Phineas: Hey, monkey bars. Do you still get sick when you hang upside down?
Candace: Yeah. Why?
Phineas: Sorry, Candace. We have to help Isabella. So, arms and legs!
Jeremy: Candace, are you okay?
Candace: Heh heh. Heh. Never better. Never better! (straining) Phineas, I'm going to... (About to vomit)
Phineas: It's working! All right! Yeah! What happened?
Jeremy: Candace, you sure you're okay?
(Candace gulps)
Jeremy: Come on, my uncle's restaurant is right over here.
Phineas: Any other ideas? "(Ferb pulls out the feather duster again and tickles the inside of Candace's throat)"
Candace: (Coughs, clears throat) I have a tickle in my throat. (Clearing throat)
Jeremy: Stay right here. I'm gonna go get some water.

(Candace coughs out the sub, it returns to normal size and Phineas and Ferb come out)
Phineas: We did it!
Candace: You guys are so busted!
Phineas: Oh, hey, Candace.
(Speed dial)
Linda: (on the phone) Hello? 
Candace: Mom, Phineas and Ferb built a SHRINKING SUBMARINE!
Linda: (on the phone) Candace, I'll see it later. Right now, I have to swing by Jeremy's uncle's restaurant and pick up some sandwiches for your father.
Candace: Perfect!

(Scene shifts to the exterior of the abandoned vacuum cleaner factory. Doofenshmirtz leaves it through a boarded-up window.)
Doofenshmirtz: Farewell, Perry the Platypus!
(Perry follows after Doofenshmirtz. The two then uses the magnet belts to reach the top of the giant vacuum cleaner.)

(Scene cuts to Candace running towards Linda , she grabs her just as she was about to lock the car door)
Candace: Mom Mom Mom?! Submarine submarine!

(Scene shifts to the top of the giant vacuum cleaner. Doofenshmirtz's magnet belt snags on the switch.)
Doofenshmirtz: (screaming) (falls into the submarine)
(Perry's magnet belt also snags on the switch, which this time turns the vacuum cleaner on.)
♪ Perry! ♪
(The giant vaccum cleaner sucks up the submarine)

Candace: See? It's a submarine!!!
(All that's there is only the unveiled sub sandwitch with the "Uncle Joe's Subs" sign on it)
Candace: (facepalms) URRRG!
Linda: So... (walks away) imaginative.

Isabella: Hey, I been lookin' everywhere for you guys! Pinky threw up and I got my sash back!
Phineas: Hmm. Gross, but cool. Speaking of pets...
(Perry chatters)
Phineas: Where ya been, Perry?
Jeremy: Candace, I have a surprise for you. Check it out.
Candace: Sandwich menu? "The Candace Special"? Oh, you had a sandwich named after me?
Jeremy: Yeah. Grilled cheese, 'cause I know it's your favorite.

(Inside the submarine, Doofenshmitz accidentally leans on the blue button. It shrinks and then lands inside the grilled cheese sandwich.)

Jeremy: Shall we eat inside?

(Scene shifts to the interior of the sandwich shop)
Candace: This is the end of a perfect day. My very own sandwich! I can't wait to try it!
(Pinky whimpers, jumps up, eats Candace's sandwich, and then belches.)
Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, Perry the Platypus!

(Pinky's in his basket, sleeping and snoring)
Doofenshmirtz: Hello? Where am I? Oh, it's all gastrointestiney in here.
Hmm... Brain. (gasps) I'm inside a dog!
(Pinky wakes up in surprise then glares)
Doofenshmirtz: Perfect. Now I can pee all over the Tri-State Area! Ha ha ha ha ha!
(sighs) Oh, what am I doing with my life?

Doofelations Season 1:20 | It's About Time!

[This episode mostly takes place in the Danville Museum of Natural History]
Lawrence: Hey, you know, kids, these fossils are of creatures that lived here in Danville millions of years ago.
Linda: Lucky these things aren't here today.
Candace: No, lucky would be if we weren't still here today.
Lawrence: Oh, look. This T-Rex footprint was found not 30 yards from this very spot. Hey, it says here that this fossil was dug up right near our very own neighborhood.
Phineas: Didn't we have a dog named Bucky who got sick and went to live on kindly Old Man Simmons' farm?
Lawrence: Oh, uh, let's move on, shall we?
This exhibit is kindly Old Man Simmons—
Hey! Who's up for milkshakes?
Phineas: Hmm?
[Angelic chorus]
Ferb taps on his shoulder as Phineas looks over. Suddenly, his eyes get huge.] "Gadgets Through the Ages". This exhibit was made for us, Ferb.
Hey, what are all those people looking at?
Tour Guide: And this is one of our curious pieces, a time machine made by a 19th-century scientist named Xavier Onassis. But, of course, we know he never finished it, or else we'll still see him here today.
(Laughs) Right? Right? Eh, anyone? All right. Moving on.
Phineas: A time machine, huh?
Ferb, I know what we're gonna do today!
[Ferb pulls out a screwdriver]
Right. Let's fix us a time machine.
Hey, where's Perry?

[Suspense music; Snapshots]
[Camera pans to Major Monogram, then Perry, then back to Monogram, then back to Perry, who waves his arms.]
Perry: (Arms waving)
Carl: Uh, Agent P?
Hey, it's me: Carl. The intern?
We got a bit of a situation here.
Major Monogram has been frozen like this pretty much all day. Solid as a rock. Oh, sorry. Anyhow, if the Major were able to, I'm sure he'd say, well, "Ouch", first of all, am I right?
(Laughs) But seriously, I'm sure he'd say "Doofenshmirtz was up to something, and you should get to the bottom of it".
(At Major Monogram) Am I right? Sir?
Major Monogram: (Indistinct mumbling)
Carl: I'm gonna take that as a yes.
Good luck, Agent P.

Linda: And this fossil is the only representation of the glichiolous species from the Jurassic era. How exciting.
Candace: (Growls) Why do I have to endure this suffering while Phineas and Ferb are off who knows where doing who knows--
(Gasps) What are you doing?
Phineas: Fixing a time machine.
Candace: (Gasps) You broke the exhibit?! I'm telling Mom!
(Electricity fizzing)
What are you doing? (Gasps) You broke the exhibit?! I'm telling Mom!
Phineas: Cool.
Isabella: Hey guys. Whatcha doin'?
Phineas: We're fixing this time machine.
Isabella: Isn't that kinda impossible?
Phineas: That's a possibility.
Isabella: Good luck.
My troop and I are going to the local fossils exhibit. Catch up with you later!
Phineas: Bye.

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incoporated! ♪
(Water bubbling and splashing)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh! Take that! And that!
Perry the Platypus! I, uh, I uh, uh... There's no one else here. I mean, w-what are you doing here, Perry the Platypus?
(Knob jostling)
Heh. I have mice? I- I wouldn't go in there if I were you!
(Blinking)
Perry the Platypus, I swear, I've never seen this secret agent looking panda before.
(laughs) Well, there's a panda in my closet and a panda paw print on my cheek. But it's not what you think. We're not enemies, we're just bad friends.

Candace: Mom! Mom! Evidence!
Officer: Whoa, whoa, whoa, there, little missy.
There's no yelling. Didn't you see the sign?
Candace: Oh, that's right. It's a museum. I wouldn't want to WAKE anyone up!
Boy: You got tossed out too, huh?
Candace: Yeah, for yelling.
Boy: You yelled in the museum? That is hardcore.
Candace: Why'd you get thrown out?
Boy: Stole a pterodactyl. It's not like I yelled.
Candace: You gotta help me sneak back in! Please, please, please!
Boy: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, okay.
I've got a plan so ingenious it involves military-like stealth, precision and timing.
(Screams)
Officer: We got us a yeller at quadrant to 6!

(Jazz music)
(Register dings)
Candace: Hi, Jeremy.
Jeremy: Oh, hey, Candace.
Candace: They have a slushy dog here.
Jeremy: Yeah, it's new. I'm so bored.
Feels like by the time my shift is over, I'll be a part of the fossil exhibit.
Candace: (Laughs) Part of the fossil exhibit, that's a good one!
(Laughs) Oops, gotta go. That was close.

Phineas: Okay, Ferb. We're ready to test the circuit quanta stabilizers. Testing.

Candace: Mom!
Linda: Did you hear something?

Candace: (Laughs) Part of the fossil exhibit, that's a good one!
(Laughs)
Jeremy: Yeah, um, where did you run off to?
Candace: What do you mean? I didn't go anywhere.
Jeremy: Right.

Phineas: Testing #2.

Jeremy: So, can I get you something?
Candace: (Laughs) Part of the fossil exhibit, that's a good one!
(Laughs)

Phineas: We are a go on #3.

Candace: Hi, Jeremy.
Jeremy: Candace, you're really kind of freaking me out.

Officer: Say, aren't you a little young to be working in a museum?
Phineas: Yes. Yes I am.
Officer: Well, it's nice to see young people taking an interest in history.
Can I get you boys anything? Anything at all?
Phineas: Actually, there seems to be a piece missing. It looks sorta like this.
Have you seen it?
Officer: Hmm. Looks familiar. I'll keep my eye out for it.

(Chorus vocalizing)
Doofenshmirtz: Sorry, Perry the Platypus, I didn't want you to find out this way.
Okay, here it is. Peter the Panda is my new nemesis. We met at an evil genius expo in Seattle, and, well, me and Peter, we instantly disliked each other. And then, he foiled a little evil scheme of mine. And, I didn't plan it that way, it just happened.
(At Peter) Peter the Panda, be a dear and go get us a soda.
(At Perry) It's not that I don't hate you anymore. I do, but look, I-- I just think it's time for us to, you know, take a break and start fighting other people.
(At Peter) Thank you, Peter the Panda. (Sips)
(At Perry) I'd offer you one, Perry the Platypus, but I-- I think it's better if we just have a clean break. Don't you? So, where was I? Oh, yes.
(At Peter) So, Peter the Panda, you think you have outwitted me!
(At Perry) Perry the Platypus, you're—you're making this harder than it needs to be. Go on, it's over now.
Oh, that? That's a Freeze-Inator ray but, uh, I-- I don't want to explain it again. I just gave the whole spiel to Peter. But, don't worry. He's stopping me. He's-- He's got it well in hand. Goodbye.
(At Peter) Curse you, Peter the Panda!

Candace/Officer: (Screams)
Officer: You? I thought I tossed you out!
Hey, what's this? Stealing a part of a display is serious. Almost yelling serious.

Phineas: And last, but not curcuitly not least. Heh, heh.

Officer: Huh?
Candace: Mom!

Officer: Can I get you boys anything? Anything at all?
Phineas: Well, uh, yeah. Like I said before, we seem to be missing this piece.
Officer: Hmm. Looks familiar. I'll keep my eye out for it. Ah! Here it is!
Phineas: Cool. Thanks.

(Song: "When We Didn't Get Along")
♪ Without you're schemes, my life it seems, is empty ♪
♪ I spent all my time keeping you from doing wrong ♪
♪ You we're my only nemesis, I foiled my plans, but still I miss ♪
♪ The moments When We Didn't Get Along ♪

♪ So search your heart, please Dr. D, and I am sure that you will see ♪
♪ That you were always meant to be my only lifelong enemy ♪
♪ But now you're doing battle with a panda from Seattle ♪
♪ I'll miss the moments When We Didn't Get Along ♪
♪ Ooh ♪

Lawrence: Darling, can I have $5 for the audio tour?
Linda: Sure. Amateurs.
Candace: Mom! Phineas and Ferb are in the "Gadgets Through the Ages" exhibit, and they're doing something to this chair thing, and Ferb is using this hose thing that makes sparks, and he's wearing this mask that goes like this!
(Waves hand)
And you have to come with me right now! Please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please!
Linda: Well, if it's that important to you.
Candace: Really? Did I ever tell you how much I love you?
They're this way! Hurry, hurry! They're in here!

Phineas: Ferb, you got that thing working yet?
(Ferb twists the light bulb onto the time machine. It starts to glow)
Candace: Gotcha! You guys are so-o-o-o-o bust--
(The time machine disappears right before she could get the words out)
Linda: Candace, how am I supposed to keep up?
(enters the exhibit) Candace?

[Time traveled to a jungle in 300 million B.C.]
(The time machine appears)
Phineas: Well, it's working now.
Candace: What? What's working?
(Pterodactyl screeching, Unknown monsters running; Volcano blows up)
Monster: Looloolooloolooloolooloolooloo!
Candace: Take me home, take me home, take me home, take me home, take me home, take me home!
Phineas: Sure, Candace. No problem.
(Smash; Dinosaur roars; Last piece smashes)
Ferb: This could be a problem.
[Cut to black]

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: (Screams) Ow! Easy, easy, you're tearing it! Eh, oh. I remember when this picture was taken. It was the happiest day of my life. (Snapshot) It was the day I decided get my picture taken. But, it wasn't till I got outside the photo store, that my life changed forever. I had a feeling that there was someone hiding behind the mailbox. I had a nemesis!
(Song: "My Nemesis")
♪ (My neme neme, ooh, my neme neme neme (X2)) ♪
♪ I used to sit alone doing evil all day, but now I think that someone's gonna get in my way ♪
♪ Yeah, there's someone in my life that doesn't want me to exist ♪
♪ (My neme neme, ooh, my neme neme neme) ♪
♪ And I feel fine, 'cause I got a nemesis ♪
♪ (My neme neme, ooh, my neme neme neme (X2)) ♪
♪ Now I hate him, and he hates me, what a wonderful animosity ♪
♪ Besides his hat, he wears no clothes, now I have someone to oppose ♪
♪ 'Cause I have a nemesis ♪
♪ (My neme neme, ooh, my neme neme neme...) ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ My neme neme, ooh, my neme neme neme ♪
Wait, I- I forgot what comes after the bridge.
(Electricity fizzing)
(Gasps) Peter the Panda, what are you doing?
(Electricity fizzing)
You're disassembling my Freeze-Inator ray? While—While I was singing about my feelings? You! You're dead to me! You're dead to me!
(Electricity fizzing)

TV Announcer: Today on Dr. Feelbetter, I want to be your nemesis again. And now, Dr. Feelbetter!
Dr. Feelbetter: You ever wonder what would happen if you lost your nemesis? Well, that's what precisely happened to our first guest, Perry the Platypus. Perry the Platypus, share with us your thoughts.
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, I-- I'm sorry, he does—He doesn't actually talk.
Dr. Feelbetter: Ah, I see. And this communication issue is what led you to replace Perry the Platypus?
Doofenshmirtz: No, o-- Of course not! Uh—Peter the Panda doesn't talk either, he—He's a panda bear!
Dr. Feelbetter: I see. Because he's an animal, he doesn't talk.
Doofenshmirtz: Of course not! What kind of an evil scientist are you?
Dr. Feelbetter: Right. Doctor, what if I were to tell you, Peter the Panda is backstage right now.
Doofenshmirtz: What? Peter the Panda is here?
(Crowd oohs)
Perry the Platypus, I-- I had no idea. I--
Dr. Feelbetter: Ladies and Gentlemen, Peter the Panda!
(Crowd boos)

Dr. Feelbetter: Thank you, Peter. I've been meaning to stack those chairs. (At Doofenshmirtz) Dr. Doofenshmirtz, tell Perry the Platypus how you feel.
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, I'm so sorry I hurt you; When I wasn't actually trying to hurt you. If you give me another chance, I promise to hurt you in the right way. With cartoonish physical violence, and elaborate traps constructed out of strange thing I purchased over the internet. What do you say?
Crowd: Aw.
Dr. Feelbetter: Well, what do you say, Perry the Platypus?
Perry: (Puts on fedora)
Crowd: Aw.
Doofenshmirtz: (Sobs) Thank you, Perry the Platypus. (Sighs) Now, (Laughs maniacally) I can't believe that worked! You know, Peter the Panda thought that he disassembled my Freeze-Inator ray, but that was just a decoy! Bring in the real one, boys! You see, my plan was simple; assemble all the best secret agents in one room, and then turn them all into statues for my giant chess board! (Laughs) Hit it!
Dr. Feelbetter: (flips switch)

(Freeze-Inator whirring)
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, Perry the Platypus, you don't mind if I say goodbye to Peter the Panda, do you? I-- I just feel weird how everything happened. Uh, Peter the Panda, I just wanted to let you know that uh, I feel—Ow!
Perry: (Hops out through back of chair; Knocks over Freeze-Inator ray)
(Laser firing; Satellite beeping, Laser hits satellite, zaps dinosaur)

Doofenshmirtz: Wait! Where's my remote?
Perry: (Knocks chair over, Remote smashes; Seats unlock)
(Frog ribbits, Dog barks, Cat screeches, Raccoon punches, Duck throws chair, Chicken clucking)
(Stuff crashing)

Doofelations Season 1:21 | Dude, We're Getting the Band Back Together

(Perry enters his lair and puts on his fedora.)
Major Monogram: Ah, there you are, Agent P. We've learned some alarming information. Several suspicious items have been purchased by the Doofenshmirtz Corporation. They include: an industrial-grade air compressor, 20 canisters of helium oxide and 400 pounds of fireworks. Get right on it.
♪ Perry! ♪

♪ Doofenshmirtz Abandoned Self Storage! ♪
(Perry's theme is playing, rock-style, until he lands his jetpack and sees what Doofenshmirtz is doing. Rather than something evil, he is hanging a large sign reading "Happy Birthday, Vanessa!" A record needle scratches.)
Doofenshmirtz: (gasps) Perry the Platypus. Quick, could you hand me that staple gun right over there? Thank you. Ahh... So what do you think? It's for my daughter Vanessa's birthday. I try to throw her a party every year. (He pulls out a roll of pictures, each with an unhappy Vanessa at an excessively girly party.) I know we usually go about our daily battle of good versus evil, but instead, could you maybe help me set up the party for my little girl? Please?
(A montage of Doofenshmirtz and Perry setting up for the party plays to a bouncy song.)

(Doofenshmirtz and Perry have just finished decorating for Vanessa's party.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ooh, that was exhausting. Ah. I have one last surprise for our lovely guest. This will be the grand finale of Vanessa's party - the world's largest firecracker! All we need now is a victim to be tied to the rocket so they'll explode up in the sky in a grand display! So, here's the awkward part. Uh... (camera pans over to the firecracker, which Doofenshmirtz has tied Perry to) And when I say "awkward," I mean for you, not so much for me.

(At Doofenshmirtz Abandoned Self Storage)
Doofenshmirtz: Surprise, baby girl! Happy sweet 16th birthday, my little Vanessa!
Vanessa: Oh! Not again!
Doofenshmirtz: Well, come on in, come on in. Check the place out. I decorated it all myself. Well, mostly. Wait till you see this. Wait right there.
Vanessa: Please stop.
Doofenshmirtz: And now, without further adieu, the grand finale!
Vaness: What, a big firecracker?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, no. Perry the Platypus tied to a big firecracker. Together we will launch our nemesis into the sky!
Vanessa: You mean your nemesis!
Doofenshmirtz: I took the liberty of going through your address book and inviting all your little friends, including a nice fella named Johnny. He had hearts by his name. I think I know what that means.
Vanessa: You did what? I don't want them to see this! I'm a teenager. This... this is for a little girl. Don't you know me at all?

(At Doofenshmirtz Abandoned Self Storage)
Doofenshmirtz: She doesn't like the party. I can't believe I failed again. Well, at least I can watch you explode. Hey, that's not fair! Well, then have a taste of my ray gun, Perry the Platypus! Take that! And that! (at Vanessa) Help me, Vanessa! (at Perry) Stay still, you obnoxious - Aah! Perry the Platypus, wait - My hand is stuck in here. Hold on. Hold on. Wait, wait, don't go anywhere.

Danny: All right, boys, let's blow the roof off this place.
Doofenshmirtz: No! It's going to blow the roof off this place!
Danny: One, two, three, four!

(At Doofenshmirtz Abandoned Self Storage)
Doofenshmirtz: (♪ rock ballad) Aah!

(At Doofenshmirtz Abandoned Self Storage)
Vanessa: (gasps) Wow.
Johnny: Whoa, this is, like, the coolest-looking party ever. Hey, Vanessa. Did you do all this yourself?
Vanessa: Well, actually, my dad put it together... with some help from Perry the Platypus. (at Perry) Thank you, Perry the Platypus!

(At Doofenshmirtz Abandoned Self Storage)
Johnny: Hey, Vanessa, is that your dad up on the rocket?
Vanessa: He'll be okay. He blows up all the time.
Johnny: Well, he sure did a cool job with this party.
Vanessa: Yeah. Yeah, I guess he did. Thanks, Dad. You finally got one right.

Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, Perry the Plat-- Wait, is that Love Händel?
(♪ guitar)
Doofenshmirtz: Aaah! (thud)
Danny: Goodnight, Tri-State Area!

Doofelations Season 1:22 | Tree to Get Ready

(Cut to Perry sitting in his lair; TV static)
Major Monogram: There you are, Agent P. It has come to our attention that all pigeons have left the Downtown area. Of course, on the upside, I haven't washed my car in weeks. (Clears throat) We can, uh, only assume that Dr. Doofenshmirtz is involved. You know your mission.
♪ Perry! ♪

(Agent P speeds down the road)
♪ Doo be doo be doo ba, doo be doo be doo ba ♪
♪ Doo be doo be doo ba ♪
(Tires screech as he parks in front of...)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪
(Perry grapples up to the top of the building, uses suction cups to get in the top room, and sees Vanessa zapping the pigeons with a mind-control device and gets a picture of it)
Doofenshmirtz: Very effective, don't you think, Perry the Platypus? (Sips drink, then spits it out upon realizing Perry is here) Perry the Platypus?! (at some pigeons) Get him! Stop him! He's headed for that clearly marked exit!
(Agent P tries to escape, but is blocked by pigeons)

(Cut back to D.E. Inc)
Doofenshmirtz: You see, Perry the Platypus, you are no match for my pigeons. I have conditioned their tiny, little bird brains to do whatever I say, by using my brand new very evil invention called: The Poop-Inator. (at Vanessa) Vanessa, please. Thank you. (at Perry; stammers) You two have met, right? Vanessa, Perry the Platypus. Perry the Platypus, Vanessa.
Vanessa: Yeah, hey. How's it goin'?
Doofenshmirtz: Observe! With this, I can implant the target image on their tiny, little brains in a flash! (Zaps the machine at the pigeon, making it lose its feathers) It-- It works better from a distance. Anyway, today at Town Hall, they will award the key to the city to My-Goody-Two-Shoes-Brother Roger. Oh, how I loathe him.
Vanessa: I like Uncle Roger.
Doofenshmirtz: Thank you, Vanessa, but I don't believe I was talking to you. Is your name Perry the Platypus? No, I don't think so.
Vanessa: (Sighs) I so should have gone to summer school.
Doofenshmirtz: I will not be attending the ceremony, but my pigeons will be there to rain on his parade! (Laughs) You see, Perry the Platypus, my brother Roger is at the very top of a very long list of people I despise. (At Vanessa) Vanessa, music please.
(Vanessa presses a remote which turns on a stereo. Doofenshmirtz puts on a boater hat and begins to sing)
(Song: "My Goody Two-Shoes Brother")
♪ I bear lots of animosity to bellhops, they never bring my luggage up on time ♪
♪ And taxi drivers really tax my patience ♪
♪ If they vanished, would it really be a crime? ♪
♪ I don't like meter maids or underwater welders, health fanatic cooks or camera crews ♪
♪ Not fond of monks or yoga teachers, or sports fans in the bleachers ♪
♪ And I'm not sure how I'm feeling about you ♪
♪ There are lots of horrid people on this planet ♪
♪ That I would like to give a lashing to ♪

(Cut back to D.E. Inc)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, the award ceremony. And there's my insipid brother Roger. (the tower viewer goes out) What? Oh, let's see if I've got another coin. Now, what was I saying-- Oh! I despise him so much. You are about to witness a truly petty act of vengeance, Perry the Platypus, brought on by my own mindless jealously. (At Vanessa) Vanessa, fire the harpoon! (Vanessa shoots the harpoon) Perfect. The time has come! Do not fail me, my pigeons! (The pigeons walk out on the rope in a line)
Roger: Ladies and Gentlemen, as the most handsome and charming man in all the Tri-State Area, I hereby promise to keep our city clean.
Crowd: (Applause and cheering)
Doofenshmirtz: Pay attention and learn something, Perry the Platypu-- Wait, wait! Where's Perry the Platypus? He's escaping, WITH THE POOP-INATOR!
(Perry takes out the chip out of the Poop-Inator. He grabs the chip from his fedora, puts it in the Poop-Inator, and then shoots the Poop-Inator at the pigeons, who then fly to Doofenshmirtz. At the same time, the tree-house robots trip on the rope.)
Stacy: Whoa! (They start to roll home with Agent P in tow)
Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, Perry the Platypus! Uh oh. This is not going to end well for me, I'm afraid.
Vanessa: That's what you get for using a bunch of stupid pigeons.
Doofenshmirtz: Wait for me! (runs with her) Hold the door, please. (The door closes on him, and when the other door opens, Doofenshmirtz runs inside) Come on, come on, come on, come on! (Too late, as the pigeons assault the screaming Doofenshmirtz as the door closes)

(Song: "My Goody Two-Shoes Brother")
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Yes, my goody two-shoes brother, the favorite of my mother ♪
♪ Is the one I want to smother ♪
♪ Thank you sir, I'll have another! ♪
♪ He's the one I want to smother ♪
♪ In a ton ♪
♪ Of ♪
♪ Pigeon ♪
♪ Goo! ♪
(Doofenshmirtz walks out of his building covered in pigeon poop. A few people who sees him scream and run)
You see, you see how I held that last note, good, huh?

Doofelations Season 1:23 | The Ballad of Badbeard

(Opens up by showing Camp Phineas and Ferb. Grandpa Clyde plays the bugle.)
Phineas: It sounds like somebody strangling a cat! It must be Grandpa!
Wakey wakey, eggs and bakey!
Baljeet: (Coughing) I cannot believe we ate the same food.
Buford: (Burps) Believe it.

(Elsewhere...)
Candace: Grandma, would you show me where the shower is?
Grandma Betty Jo: Shower? Why, sure honey. Would you like a massage and a fruity drink too? How about a manicure and a mud facial while you lay by the pool eating crab cakes?
Candace: I can do without the sarcasm.

(The kids finishing their breakfast by the campfire.)
Grandpa Clyde: Chow time's over, campers. Time for our nature walk to Badbeard Lake.
Phineas: Why do they call it "Badbeard Lake"?
Clyde: Well, it's a body of fresh water surrounded by land―
Phineas: No, the "Badbeard" part.
Clyde: Oh, right.
It was named after "Badbeard", the most ruthless freshwater pirate ever to plunder a lakeside community.
Kids: Cool!
Clyde: And in the middle of Badbeard Lake lies Spleen Island, where legend has it Badbeard buried his bountiful booty. Heh!
Phineas: Booty?
Clyde: You know, treasure
Kids: (Gasps) "Treasure"?
Clyde: Aye, mateys- Oh, just a sec. (Marker squeaks) Arrrgh!
Phineas: Why are you talking like a pirate, Grandpa?
Clyde: Arrrgh! I'm trying to tell the story of Badbeard the Pirate.
There's a song about it. Say, does anyone have a concertina? Buford?
Buford: Me? (Pulls out concertina) Yes.
(Song: The Ballad of Badbeard (Prologue))
Clyde: ♪ Arg, arg, arg, arg, this is the Ballad of Badbeard (X2) ♪
(Birds chirping)
Phineas: That's it?
Clyde: Well, I didn't say it was much of a song.
So, meet me at the trail head in 5 minutes.
Kids: Aye, aye, Captain Grandpa!
Clyde: That's the spirit!
Baljeet: (Stretching out his overalls) Oh, dear. I seem to be missing my underpants.
Buford: (Laughs)

(The kids, Grandpa Clyde, and Grandma Betty Jo is on their nature walk.)
Clyde: You see kids, wherever you go, the forest is teeming with life for us to step on.
Remember, always stick to the trail so you won't get lost.
And whatever you do, never touch the orange moss on the right side of a Jum-Jum tree.
Candace: Boring. I'm calling Stacy.
Clyde: Left is right. Right is wrong.
Candace: I can't get any reception up here.
Clyde: So stay clear of the orange moss.
The slightest touch, and the orange moss will absorb through the skin, causing wild hallucinations.
Candace: Huh? Oh no! Was that the right side or the wrong side? No, wait. The left side was the right side.
(Gasps) Moss! Orange! (Screams; Runs off)
Clyde: Thar she blows mateys. Badbeard Lake.
Kids: Ooh!
Clyde: And thar be Spleen Island. The bones of them that hunted the treasure all be lyin' below in Davy Jones's locker.
Phineas: Cool!
Clyde: Let's go!
(Song: The Ballad of Badbeard)
All: ♪ Arg, arg, arg, arg, this is the Ballad of Badbeard! Arg, arg... ♪
Betty Jo: Candace? Where's Candace?
♪ ...This is the Ballad of Badbeard! ♪

(We see Perry walking in the forest. He puts on his fedora, takes out a remote, and presses its button, when it doesnt work presses a few more times. A Eagle swoops down and carries Agent P to her nest. She puts on her fedora. They both turn thier attention to one of the eggs in the nest. Egg cracks)
Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P, and thank you for your help, Agent E.
Sorry to alarm you, Agent P, but we're remodeling our regular base here.
Actually, my wife's doing it Mexican-country style. Distressed wood, wrought iron. It should all be very-
Woah! Hey, woah! Hey, Agent E, back off!
Anyway, Agent E has spotted Dr. Doofenshmirtz on Spleen Island. He's moving boxes and equipment into what's known as the haunted cave of the old sea hag. Honestly, I'm not making this stuff up. But anyway, we believe he's creating a new hideout there, and we want you to foil his plans.
Good luck, Agent P.
Candace: (After seeing Perry) No way. This is so weird. I see Perry with an eagle, and their both dressed up like secret agents and they're talking to man inside an egg. (Snickers) That is so messed up. It must be the moss.
Hey, wait a minute. How did I get way up here? (Screams, Coughs; Eagle calls)
Now Perry has a wetski? (Gasps) How strange can this get?
Talking Zebra: (Knitting; Appears out of nowhere) Oh, it gets much stranger, Kevin.
Candace: (Screams)

(The kids and Grandpa Clyde is now at the beach.)
Buford: En garde, you scurvy dog!
Baljeet: Ha! I don't even know what scurvy is!
Phineas: Hey! I know what we should do today!
Let's be real pirates, and go find Badbeard's treasure.
Clyde: (Laughs) Sure, knock yourselves out.
I was just about your age when I first heard about Badbeard's treasure.
I'd come up here every summer and search for it.
But I felt drawn by the excitement and adventure.
Of course, then I discovered girls and the rest is a blur.
I never found the treasure, but I did find a treasure map.
Buford: Treasure map? Hey!
Baljeet: (Laughs) Woah!
Clyde: But be warned, mateys. They say Badbeard's treasure comes with a curse.
Kids: "A curse"?
Clyde: Aye! Them who disturb the treasure of Badbeard shall be cursed with bad beards for the rest of their days.
Phineas: You mean we'll be stuck with a big, ugly beard on our face for the rest of our lives?
Buford: That's gnarly.
Clyde: Well, while you kids search for treasure, I better go search for Grandma. Wish there was a map for that.

(Candace is still attached to Agent P's jet-ski)
(Men vocalizing)
Candace: (Screaming)

(Back at the beach)
Phineas: Okay, troops.
We set sail from Point Plots, sail through the Stones of Gall, and into the Cove of Incontinence, and then continue on foot into the Dark Tunnel of Doom.
Well, that sounds delightful. And "X" marks the spot. Easy-peasy.
First thing we gotta do is, we make Grandpa's secondhand dingy into a first-rate pirate ship.
Ferb, any ideas?
(Ferb takes out small piece of folded paper, unfolds it into a giant blueprint)
Woah. Impressive.

(Perry is still driving hix jet-ski into a cave; Engine revving. Candace, now covered in seaweed, is up for it.)
Candace: Hehhehheh, hehheh, ee-ee-ee-ee, hahahaheeheehee.
Doofenshmirtz: Is that the cable company? So, Mr. Cable Man, you don't carry the Evil Science Channel? What's up with—
Perry the Platypus? Oh, give me a break! I-I'm moving, legally. I bought this place, and cheap too. It's supposed to be haunted by a terrifying old sea hag. (Laughs) Look, Perry the Platypus, just because I'm evil doesn't mean everything I do is evil.
(Camera pans to Perry, then Doofenshmirtz, back to Perry, then back to Doofenshmirtz])
Fine! You want evil, Perry the Platypus? I'll give you evil!

(Song: The Ballad of Badbeard)
Phineas: Avast, me 'arties!
♪ We're sailing for the Island of Spleen to search for the treasure of Badbeard ♪
Holly: I'm feeling sick.
Gretchen: You're looking green.
All: ♪ We search for the treasure of Badbeard ♪
Buford: ♪ We'll plunder and pillage ♪
Baljeet: ♪ And do some math ♪
Ferb: ♪ And all refuse to take a bath ♪
Isabella: ♪ We seek adventure and romance ♪
Baljeet: ♪ I'm running out of underpants ♪
All but Ferb: ♪ There's ghosts who haunt the cave and worse ♪
Skull: ♪ It's guarded by a pirate's curse ♪

(Back in the cave)
Candace: ♪ Why do my nostrils whisper to me? ♪

Ferb: (Rings bell)
All: ♪ Arg, arg, arg, arg, this is the Ballad of Badbeard (X2) ♪

(The kids enters the Tunnel of Doom.)
Phineas: This is it. The Tunnel of Doom. Just like on the map.
(Bird chirps)
Isabella: Are you sure we're going the right way?
Phineas: Sure I'm sure. We just follow Ferb. He's got the map.
(Wind blows map)
Uh oh.
Oh well, I'm pretty sure it's straight forward from here. Heh, heh.
Isabella: It doesn't look very safe.
Buford: I think you better test it.
Phineas: No problem. It'll hold us.
(Bridge creaks)
No, wait! Not all at once!
All: (Screaming)
(Monster roaring)
Phineas: Run for it!
Isabella: Oh my gosh! Buford, what are you doing?
Buford: Look! I found these nifty hand puppets!
Isabella: Well stop fooling around and let's go.
Buford: Oh, all right.

Baljeet: This place is creeping me out.
If I had any underpants, I am sure they would have been soiled.
Isabella: Phineas, we're not getting lost, are we?
Buford: Yeah, Dinner Bell. What if there is no treasure?
Baljeet: Perhaps the real treasure is true friendship and the spirit of adventure.
Phineas: Nah, there it is over there. "X" marks the spot.
Isabella: Look. There's the chest.
Baljeet: But who d-dare open it?
Phineas: I'll open it.
Isabella: But Phineas, what about the curse?
Buford: Bad beards forever, dude.
Baljeet: You don't even have a chin.
Phineas: That's a chance I'll have to take.
Shiver me timbers! The curse is true! We will have bad beards forever!
Isabella/Baljeet/Buford: Oh no!
Phineas: It's full of bad fake beards.

(Back in Doofenshmirtz' cave)
Doofenshmirtz: Now, Perry the Platypus, why don't you say hello to my new pet crocodiles? Susan and Susan. I named them after each other.
Now, prepare to be delicious!
Candace: (Laughing maniacally)
Doofenshmirtz: (Gasps) The sea hag!
Candace: The pharmacist!
(Perry jumps out of the trap)
Hey Perry, I'm gonna get a snack from the vending machine. You want something? Suit yourself. I'm gonna have me some beef jerky! (Presses button; the alarm starts beeping.)
Computer Voice: Island Self Destruct Sequence activated.
(The island starts rumbling)
Candace: Wait, my beef jerky!
Doofenshmirtz: AAH! Someone always finds my self-destruct button!
(Sighs) Curse you, Perry the Platypus, blah blah blah.

(The kids still handing out Badbeard's treasure.)
Phineas: These are the best bad beards ever!
(Just then, it is timed as the island started to Rumble)
Quick, grab as many beards as you can carry and let's get out of here!
(Rumbling continues, Rock music)
(Monster roaring, Crashes through tunnel)
Cast off. Put your backs into it, mateys.

(Agent P and Candace is running out of the island's cave)
Candace: WEE!
(Agent E grabs Agent P and Candace and Drops them at the ship.; The island sinks into the lake.; Kids clamoring)
Phineas: By the way, where's Per- Oh, never mind.
Candace: Perry, what happened to your cute little secret agent hat?
Phineas: Well Ferb, me ol' matey, our first time out as pirates, and we come home with a bounty of beards.
Ferb: And perhaps the greatest pirate story ever told.

(That night, by the campfire.)
Grandpa Clyde: Wow, that's the greatest pirate story ever told!

(In Candance's tent)
Grandma Betty Jo: Oh. How are you feeling, honey?
Candace: Oh, better. Thanks, Grandma.
Can you believe I actually thought Perry was a secret agent?
(Perry chatters)
Well, I learned my lesson. Stay away from the orange moss.
Betty Jo: The orange moss? Is that what your Grandpa said?
Oh, he always gets that wrong. It's the blue moss you gotta watch out for.
Candace: W-what?
Betty Jo: I guess it was all in your head.
Well, that's the power of suggestion for you. You get some rest now, sweetie.
Candace: The blue moss. What? Ohh.
Talking Zebra: (Appears out of nowhere, knitting) Love the beard, Kevin.

Doofelations Season 1:24 | Greece Lightning

(Scene opens up showing the Danville Museum.)
Candace: I can't believe you guys dragged me all the way over here for this. (Sighs) Well, at least there's hunky guys in skirts.
Lawrence: Guys, come and look at this. This is an actual replica of an artist's interpretation of what some random guy of no significance believed that the chariot of Asparagus might have looked like. And this is Asparagus, the greatest warrior in all of Greece. With this golden chariot, he would win every race. And here he is defeating the Minotaur, a creature that's half-man, half-bull. Asparagus defeated him using the head of Medusa, a creature so ugly she could turn people to stone with just one look.
Phineas: Kind of reminds me of Candace.
Candace: (striking a similar pose) It does not look like me!
Phineas: I know what we're gonna do today. We're gonna have our own chariot race like... Hey, where's Perry?

Major Monogram: (Disguised as Discobolus) Psst. Psst! Agent P, over here. Sorry to disturb you at the museum. We've just been informed that Doofenshmirtz has created a machine to rid the world of platypuses. ...Uh, platypi? Platypeople? Whatever. We've tracked Doofenshmirtz to the old abandoned movie house. So get going, and don't look up my skirt.

(In the driveway at the Flynn-Fletcher house...)
Phineas: Okay, the race will start here at home, through the streets of Danville, and over to the park. From there we make our way past Paul Bunyan's Pancake Haus...
(Song: "Paul Bunyan's Pancake Haus")
♪ Paul Bunyan's, where food is good ♪
Announcer 2: (Canadian accent) But not too good, <eh?
Phineas: ...and finish at the steps of the museum.
Lawrence: Hey, boys, whatcha doin'?
Phineas: Just mapping out our route for the big chariot race we're gonna have.
Lawrence: Oh, excellent. It's good to see you boys taking an interest in Greek mythology. I'm doing the same. I've got over 12 hours of gladiator movies here I wanna watch.
Isabella: Nice hat, Mr. Flynn.
Lawrence: Thank you, Isabella. It's my movie watching hat.
Phineas: Isabella, we're gonna have the greatest race in history, complete with helmets and armor and super-cool chariots with horses. Spread the word! (Isabella runs off) Spread the word!
Isabella: (runs back) Wait! At what time?
Phineas: (Isabella runs off again) In about an hour or so.
Isabella: (runs back) Where's it gonna be?
Phineas: (Isabella runs off once more) Here!
Isabella: (runs back a final time) Who am I telling again?
Phineas: (Isabella runs off until she leaves) Just spread the word! Oh, and tell them to bring gladiator gear.

♪ Doofenshmirtz Abandoned Theater! ♪
(Jingle of "Gitchee Gitchee Goo" playing in the background)
Doofenshmirtz: Comfy, Perry the Platypus? I've prepared something special just for you. You see, until now, every attempt to eradicate you has been foiled. Then I came across a... (He interrupts abruptly with the sound of someone Slurping) Excuse me, who are you and what are you doing here?
Male teen: I bought a ticket to see this movie.
Doofenshmirtz: (Groans) Okay, just roll the film.
Male narrator: Who is the enemy of the platypuses? Or platypi or platypeople? Or... Well, you know what I mean. The platypus is one of our greatest friends in nature, a humble but key component in Mother Nature's delicate cycle of life. But as of late, worldwide populations have been declining to near endangerment. But why? Who is the enemy of the platypuses or... Well, you know what I mean.
Teen: This is the best platypus movie I have ever seen. (Slurping)
Narrator: Historically, the enemies of the platypus were well known: the poisonous swamp viper, the snaggle-tooth badger, and duplicating imitable stunts seen on television. But there is a new enemy of the platypus, one whose tireless development paves over the platypus's woodland homes: The greatest enemy of the platypus...is man.
Cheerful male voice: Hi, there.
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, you see, Perry the Platypus? For years I've been trying to rid myself of you with traps and bombs and poisonous gas and automatic tennis ball machines. I--I don't even know what I was thinking back then, but now I have the ultimate platypus elimination weapon. Perry the Platypus, recoil in horror at my new creation! A giant...killer...robot...man.
Giant Robot Man: My name is Norm. The enemy of the platypus is man.
Doofenshmirtz: Whoa-ho-ho-ho-ho!
Male teen: This is awesome! I did not know this movie was in 3-D.
Norm: Please, stop running. Perhaps we could discuss our differences over coffee.

(In the backyard...)
Phineas: Okay, we're all set! Let's meet our racers. In the first chariot is us. Then we got Isabella and the Fireside Girls, Buford and Baljeet, and we have one for Candace, too, if she ever shows up. Here are the maps for everyone. The first chariot to reach the museum wins. Any questions?
Baljeet: Yes. Should we not establish the rules first?
Buford: This is a chariot race. There are no rules.
Isabella: No rules? Well, if those are the rules!
Buford: Hey, you, you're goin' down!
Baljeet: But we're on the same team.
Buford: Then you're goin' down with me!
Phineas: Each chariot will be pulled by a rocking horse Ferb souped up with a lawnmower engine!
Candace: Phineas! Just what do you think you're doing?
Phineas: Candace, great! You're right on time! Check out this cool-lookin' helmet we made for you! And we built you your own chariot that looks just like you!
Candace: (Strikes the same face as the chariot) Oh, that's ridiculous. I do not have wheels!

(In the living room...)
Actor: To the winner of this race, I offer the spoils of the empire…
Candace: Dad, they're racing chariots.
Lawrence: That scene's just starting. Come in and sit down.
Phineas: (calling from outside) Come on, Candace!
Candace: Dad!
Lawrence: Oh, I'm sorry. Do you want some?
Candace: (Groans in frustration) That's it! I'll stop this myself.

(Outside; the backyard...)
Django: Are you ready? Get set... go!
(Engines revving)
Candace: Okay, you two, I've had enough of this-- Ow! Hey!
(Engine revving)
Aah! Daddy!
Lawrence: Oh, now where'd she go? She's gonna miss all the action.

Candace: (Screaming)
Phineas: Looks like Candace made it after all. Lookin' good, Candace!
Candace: (Screams)
(Song: "My Chariot")
♪ I got a motorized nag takin' me for a drag ♪
♪ Leave the others far behind ♪
♪ Baby, I ain't braggin', my anachronistic wagon's ♪
♪ Two millennia ahead of its time ♪
♪ Talkin' 'bout my chariot ♪
♪ No, it's not street legal, but it gets me where I wanna go ♪
Candace: (Screams)
♪ Climb aboard my chariot ♪
♪ When they hear me come a-rumblin', then everybody wants to know ♪
♪ "Where'd you get that chariot?" ♪
♪ I don't need no oracle to tell me how good it feels ♪
♪ To throw a full-tilt coliseum killer toga party on wheels ♪
Candace: (Screams)
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
Phineas: Remind me, why did we put spikes on Buford's chariot?
Buford: Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Candace: Reckless endangerment, disrupting traffic... EW, they are so busted.
Phineas: And a bowling ball catapult? I mean, what were we thinking?
Candace: (screams) My phone!
Phineas: Why'd we give them all the cool stuff? What do we have? Cup holders? Sweet. Now we're cookin'.
Baljeet: The girls are still gaining! Failure is not an option for me, my husky friend.
Buford: Use your head and think of something, genius!
Baljeet: Exactly! Use my head! ... That is right! Eat sparks, my opponents!
Phineas: Ferb, do you smell something burning?
Baljeet: An unconventional way to use my head, yes, but an effective one!

Norm: We should do this more often!

Isabella: Okay, girls, star formation!
♪ ...Yeah ♪
Candace: (Screams)
Isabella: Sorry. No rules.
Baljeet: Now what?
Buford: Have to use your head again.
Baljeet: (Screams)
Candace: (Screams)
Buford: Hey, get back on your own chariot!
♪ Yeah, talking 'bout my chariot ♪
♪ Got all my horse power ♪
♪ In two big wheels of fun ♪
♪ Climb aboard my chariot ♪
♪ You can be my second ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm gladiator number one ♪
♪ Get a load of my chariot ♪
♪ Always going full-throttle ♪
♪ Ask anybody and they'll say ♪
♪ If you see me coming ♪
♪ Then you better get out of my way! ♪
Phineas: We should be coming up on Paul Bunyan's!
(Song: Paul Bunyan's Pancake Haus)
♪ Paul Bunyan's, where food is good ♪
Announcer 2: (Canadian accent) But not too good, eh?
Phineas: Oh, there it is!

Norm: Are those slacks new? They make you look slimmer. Honey, have you seen my keys?

Candace: (Screams)
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
Phineas: Hey look, it's Perry. I gotcha! (Pets Perry) Where you been? (Crash) What is that? It's half-man, half-bull. It's the Minotaur!
Norm: (Disguised as a Minotaur) My name is Norm!
Phineas: It's Norm the Minotaur! Hit it, Ferb!
Norm: Wait! Come back! You can borrow my rake.

Candace: (Screaming)
Phineas: Candace has the lead! Go Candace!
Candace: Somebody help me!
Phineas: See? I knew she'd love it.

Norm: Let's invite our wives next time.

(At the Danville Museum...)
(Grunting)
Django: Candace wins!
Candace: (Screams)
(Crash!)
Phineas: That was the coolest rocking-horse, mower-pulled chariot Minotaur chase ever!
Candace: Oh... Ohh, uhh... Gross.
Kids: Phin-e-as and Ferb! Phin-e-as and Ferb! (Chant continues)
Candace: Oh, no! No, no, no, no, no! You can't just tear up the town with your chariots and expect to get away with it! When Mom and Dad find out about this...
Phineas: Candace...
Norm: The enemy of the platypus is man.
Candace: Listen, pal, you stay out of this!
(Norm short circuits and deactivates, falling before Candace.)
Kid #1: She turned him to stone!
Candace: I did what?
Kid #2: Don't look at me!
Candace: Wait!
Kid #3: It's Medusa!
(All the kids run away screaming; Ferb covers his eyes.)
Candace: D'oh, that's it! I'm outta here!
Phineas: Wait, Candace!

Doofenshmirtz: Norm! Oh, no, Norm! What did he do to you? Did the bad little platypus switch you off? I'll fix that.
Norm: My name is Norm.
Doofenshmirtz: See? All you needed was a reboot. …Wait! What is this? What happened to all the lights? Wait, it's coming loose. I think I can get it off.
Norm: The enemy of the platypus is man.
Doofenshmirtz: Ooh. Oh, well, now it's stuck. (Screams) Somebody help me!
Norm: Secretly, I'm very lonely.

(Shifts outside the museum)
Candace: Just wait until Mom finds out about this.
Phineas: Candace, looks like we owe you a big thanks for defeating the Minotaur. Who knew you had the power to turn men to stone?
Candace: That is so not true. Who ever heard of something as silly as turning someone to stone...? No, no, it can't be. (Screams) I did it again. Don't look at me! (Screams) I'm a monster! (Screams) Make it stop! (Screams) (She runs off into the distance.)
Phineas: It's okay, Ferb. She's gone. You can look now.
Ferb: No. Not taking any chances.
(Perry chatters)
Phineas: Hey, look, there's Perry.
Ferb: Still not looking.

Doofelations Season 1:25 | Leave the Busting to Us!

Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P. It's a beautiful day in the Tri-State area, just the kind of day that makes Dr. Doofenshmirtz a little verklempt. That's why your mission is...Sky... weather... rain... Doofenshmirtz. Uh, we're breaking up. Let me call you on a land line. (telephone rings) So, just to recap: sky, weather, rain, Doofenshmirtz.

(Cut to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated ♪
(Perry swings in and hits a "window" with Doofenshmirtz in it. Doofenshmirtz peeks out the other window.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha-ha! Oh-ho, Perry the Platypus. (crash) I can't believe you fell for that old fake window trick. Ha-ha-ha. Whoo! (crash) Wait a second, how did you...? (gasps) Oh, I can't believe I fell for the old fake Perry the Platypus bit. That was pretty good, Perry the Platypus. I gotta give you props on that one. I know, I know. You're wondering about the hat, right? It's part of my new magic kit. Ever since the seventh grade, I have wanted to be a magician. But it was a pretty tough road.

(Flashback)
Young Doofenshmirtz: Hey, wait! Where-Where's Bobo the rabbit?
(audience laughs)
(grunts)
Young Doofenshmirtz: Can somebody please get me out of this? Anyone? Hello?
(Flashback ends)

Doofenshmirtz: But I guess my dreams faded into sepia tone somewhere along the way. Oh, Perry the Platypus, your shoes are untied. ... Psyche! Before you go, I'd like to introduce you to the Gloominator 3000... inator! (rattle) Hmm? What's that? Could it be Morse code for "That evil gadget looks so manly and threatening. What on Earth does it do?" All right, I'll tell you. Sheesh! Stop bugging me! With this, I will launch thousands of weather pellets into the atmosphere, thereby plunging the Tri-State Area into a new ice age! (dramatic music) But before I do that, I shall finally make Perry the Platypus disappear! Voila! Ha-ha. It really worked! Maybe I should have stuck with the magic business, hmm?

Doofenshmirtz: Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Now let's test my Gloominator 3000-inator! A couple of these ought to be enough. Let's see. Whoo-hoo! Look at them go! .... Perfect! Now for the real thing. .... Hmm. Maybe I can squeeze a few more in there. Lemme see. Perry the Platypus? Bobo the rabbit! Do you know that I've been looking for you since the seventh grade? (top hat cocking) Aah!

(Cuts to the Bust 'Em ban being driven by Doofenshmirtz.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha-ha-ha! So nice of them to leave the keys inside.... That's what you get for being the good guy. You have to stop at all the traffic signals. (laughs) Uh... Oh, no! What.... What is this? Curse you, Perry the Platypus!

Doofenshmirtz: I'm getting dizzy! Oh! Maybe I'm supposed to turn into a skid. Whoa!
Farmer's Wife: I can't believe you sold our lucrative bunny farm and bought a van rental place! And you didn't buy a single van! (Hears the van falling over her) Not one word.
BAM!

Doofelations Season 1:26 | Mom's Birthday

(Episode starts by showing the Flynn-Fletcher house.)
Candace: (From her room, Clears throat) ♪ Mi Mi Mi Mi Mi ♪
[In Phineas and Ferb's room.]
♪ La La La La La La La ♪
Phineas: Ferb, are you hearing what I'm hearing? Candace singing. Early in the morning.
Candace: (Singing a capella) ♪ Mom, it's your birthday ♪
♪ Thanks for all the care and love you give ♪
Yeah, yeah, that's all right. I like that.
[Plays her bass guitar.] ♪ Mom, it's your birthday ♪
Phineas: (Gasps) It's Mom's birthday! How can we forget Mom's birthday? Where have all the days gone? (Flashbacks start; Riding a Rollercoaster) We can't forget Mom's birthday. (In search of a mummy) We can't forget Mom's birthday. (Herding cattle) We can't forget Mom's birthday. (Surfing) We can't forget Mom's birthday. (On stage) We can't forget Mom's birthday. (Being chased by a dinosaur; Roaring) Isn't there something I'm supposed to remember? (Flashbacks end) We should do something perfectly nice for Mom, what with Dad being out of town on business and all.
Candace: Okay, Candace, once from the top.
[Plays her bass guitar.] ♪ Mom, it's your birthday ♪
Phineas: I got an idea.

(A short while later, Candace is walking, holding a breakfast plate in the hallway.)
Candace: ♪ Eggs and bacon ♪
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
[In Linda's room.]
Mom, let me be the first to say--
Phineas: Happy birthday, Mom! We brought you some periodicals - like Mom Daily, Mom Weekly, Mom Bi-weekly, and just the way you like it, half-caff, double-frapp, mocha choco-latte mezzo-espresso.
Linda: Oh, wow. You boys really outdid yourselves.
Phineas: Au contraire, mon mere. I declare it's our mission to give you the best birthday ever. So relax, enjoy some reading, and no peeking till we come get you.
Linda: Oh, those boys are too much! Mmm. Oh, I smell eggs and bacon.

[Later in the kitchen...]
Phineas: Thank you, Mrs. Garcia-Shapiro! We appreciate you helping us out. Ooh. Another call. (Beep) Talk to me. Buford, my man. Uh, hold on. [To Ferb] Needs roughage. [To Buford] Thanks, Buford. Glad we can count on you. (Candace clears throat) Hey, Candace. Wanna man the omelet station for Mom's birthday?
Candace: I'm doing my own thing. (Phineas and Ferb blinks) What? Are you going to tell them what it is?
Phineas: Sure. Uh, what are you doing?
Candace: It's a secret.
Phineas: Hey, where's Perry?

(Cut to Agent P spinning his picture and going to his lair)
Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P. 17 minutes ago, our spy satellites located Doofenshmirtz. He's hiding out in his mountaintop castle laboratory, where he's purchased some suspicious items over the internet, including a giant metal sphere and two animatronic wax robots, you know, like they have at theme parks. Gosh, those things give me the creeps, the way they're all robotic and waxy?
(Shudders)
♪ Perry! ♪

[Back in the house, in Candace's room]
Candace: The boys may have won breakfast, but wait'll Mom sees this homemade birthday card. "Love, the child who loves you most, Candace."

[Linda is blindfolded.]
Phineas: All right, Mom. Almost there.
Linda: Oh, this is so exciting.
Phineas: Okay, you can look.
All: Happy birthday!
Linda: (Gasps) What a beautiful breakfast.
Candace: Mom?
Phineas: Made with love.
Buford: And sweat.
Linda: And by "sweat", you mean hard work.
Buford: Uh, sure.
Candace: Mom, this may not be a fantastic breakfast, but—
Phineas: Ladies and gentlemen, Mom's birthday card!
(All gasps)
Candace: "To Mom"? Heh. It may be big, but bo-ring.
(Broadway music)
Linda: Oh, boys. I can't believe you two made it yourselves.
(Candace eats the birthday card)

[In the castle laboratory]
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, The Unicorn Whisperer, the feel-good movie of the year. And soon it will be gone. (Laughs maniacally; Perry appears) Oh, no! It's Perry the Platypus! Ha! I fooled you, Perry the Platypus! I'm not really scared! I'm not scared, because I have a new security system. Voila! (door opens to reveal two robots that look like Abraham Lincoln and George Washington) Ha ha! Do you like them, Perry the Platypus?
Wax Robots: Get him.
Doofenshmirtz: I got them very cheap from a wax museum that went bankrupt. Ha ha! Ha ha ha! I love it when dreams fail. As you know, I've been trying to take over the Tri-State area for quite some time now, and I realized this Tri-State area's filled with things I detest, so many things, like— (stops at a blinking traffic arrow) like blinking traffic arrows. Stop blinking at me, telling me where to go. Point. Point. Point. Ooh, I hate you. Let's see—what else? Ear hair. Oh, yes, I've always hated you. Pelicans. Terrible creatures. What—what are you, a bird or a garbage disposal? Ugh, musical instruments that start with "B". You get the idea. It's a long list. I've been working on it for a while. Anyway, I realized I should build something that would make all those awful things disappear. Behold, Perry the Platypus—Shrink-spheria! (Dramatic music) You like it? I was going to call it a Shrinkinator, but I've done that whole "inator" thing before. It's just been done to death. Bring him over here! I want to show him how it works. I enter the name of something I hate. P-e-l-i-c-a-n. Pelican. And Shrink-spheria homes in on its molecular structure and then turns all the particles into sparticles, thereby shrinking it into a teeny, tiny speck so small I never have to see it again. So good-bye to you, Perry the Platypus. Enjoy your presidential suite! (Laughs maniacally and closes the door)

[Back at the kitchen]
Phineas: Glad you like the card, Mom.
Ferb: It's a simple postmodern fusion of origami and pop-up.
Phineas: Yeah, and just wait till you see your present. Okay. Stay right there.
Linda: Oh, I hope the boys don't go overboard with my present. All I'd really like is that dress from that cute little sundress shop.
Candace: You mean that really cute one with the polka dots? (goes out on her bike) I know what she wants. Cute little sundress. Cute little sundress. Cute little sundress.

[Back at the castle]
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, Perry the Platypus, say goodbye to blinking detour signs! Forever! (Laughs maniacally)
Yes! I'm an evil genius! Ha ha ha ha! Now I have to wait 4 minutes for it to recharge, which isn't so bad.
I think I'll go with pelicans next. What do you think Perry the Platypus? Pelicans next?
(During this, Perry gets a dart, shoots it at the rope making the chandelier fall and melt the robots)
Wax George Washington Robot: I cannot tell a lie. I'm melting.

[Doof's Shrink-spheria is effected around Danville; Candace comes out the sundress store with the dress]
Candace: Cute little sundress. Cute little sundress. Cute little sundress.  (the left point is invisible, the moth van fell into a road hole and the moths are fly away and fly around at the dress) Cute little sundress. Cute little sundress. Cute little sundress.

[Cut to Doof]
Doofenshmirtz: Yoo-hoo, Mr. Pelican, I'm going to shrink you now. Hee hee hee hee. Wh-why is it not working? Something's blocking the-- (sees Parry rattling the antenna) HEY! (he goes to Perry who proceeds to attack him)

[In the backyard of the house]
Candace: Hey, everybody! Look what— You got to be kidding me.
Phineas: Our first supermodel sports a chic, stylin', notcouture sundress perfect for our birthday queen to sip iced lattes while enjoying a fabulous day in the sun.
Candace: Hum. Well, they have the wrong sundress. It's okay, but it is not as great as this. (sees the moths on the dress) AAAAAH! (runs inside)
Linda: Candace? Candace? Where'd she go?

[Back in the castle, Perry kicks Doofenshmirtz making him hit the controls]
Doofenshmirtz: Ow! (he sees he pressed one of the buttons) Oh, well. Good-bye to musical instruments that starts with "B"!

[Back at the house, Candace has got away from the moths by running into her room.]
Candace: (Panting) Wait a minute! I can still give mom the one thing the boys can't! The gift of music! Played on my good friend: the bass. (Bass guitar disappears) Huh. Oh, well, it's a good thing I play the banjo! (Banjo disappears) It's a good thing I play the bassoon! (Bassoon disappears) It's a good thing I play the bugle! (Bugle disappears) It's a good thing I play the bongos! (Bongos disappears; cut to timecard)
Narrator: Five minutes later...
[cut back to Candace]
Candace: It's a good thing I play the balalaika! (Balalaika disappears) It's a good thing I play the bagpipe! (Bagpipe disappears) I should've manned the omelet station!

[Candace goes to the backyard]
Linda: Candace, honey, come join us. The boys have put together a little video.
Phineas: Yeah. Here, you can do the honors.
Candace: Fine, whatever. [starts video]
Phineas: (On video) Happy birthday, Mom. From birth, to young adult, to mid-sized adult, from the 80s to the 90s, Mom enchants everyone she meets. But who is this person we call Mom?

[Back at the castle Perry trips Doofenshmirtz]
Doofenshmirtz: Uhh... [The two wax robots appear]
Wax Abraham Lincoln Robot: (Whirring) A house divided cannot stand.
Wax George Washington Robot: Yeah, what he said.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, Perry the Platypus, you melted their wax, but you can never melt what's inside—pure evil! (The two robots leap out, only to fall in the sphere making it explode] Ehh. I should have seen that coming.
Wax Abraham Lincoln Robot: We can't seem to get a break.
Wax George Washington Robot: Your breath smells like candles.
Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, Perry the Platypus!

[Back at the backyard of the house]
(Mellow music playing)
Linda: Isn't this wonderful?
Candace: (Sarcastically)  Yeah, really great.
Phineas: (On video) But the true testament to what a great Mom you are, is that your daughter would take the time to write this song.
(Song: "I Love You Mom")
Candace: (On video)♪ Mom, it's your birthday ♪
♪ Thanks for all the care and love you give ♪
Phineas: Nice song, sis.
Ferb: (thumbs up)
Candace: (on video) ♪ Not to mention the meals ♪
♪ And times I get kind of nervous ♪
Phineas: Come on!
Candace: (on video) ♪ And forget to tell you how I feel ♪
Boys: ♪ (Shoo-be-doo, shoo-be-doo) ♪
Candace: (Singing with her on video)♪ I'm a little high-strung ♪
♪ It's just because I'm young ♪
♪ Mom, I adore ya ♪
♪ And I'll do anything for ya! ♪
♪ Although my brothers make me frantic ♪
♪ With every single crazy antic ♪
♪ And when I'm bouncin' off the walls ♪
♪ You're the one who stays calm ♪
Boys: ♪ (You're the one who stays calm) ♪
Candace: (singing with her on video)♪ Because you love me for who I am ♪
♪ I'll always love you, Mom! ♪
Boys: ♪ (Ooh) ♪
(Crowd applauding)
Linda: What a beautiful song, honey! Oh, I only wish Dad could have heard it.
Candace: Well, I really wanted you to have a happy bir--
Phineas: Oh, I almost forgot. We set up a satellite up-link with Dad.
Linda: Ooh, a satellite up-link.
Lawrence: (On screen) Hello, love. Happy birthday.
Linda: Hi, honey, I miss you. And you're missing the festivities. The boys threw me the greatest party. And Candace wrote me this really amazing song. Can you hear me?
(Perry appears)
Candace: Oh, hey, Perry. Where have you been? You missed all the fun.
(Perry chatters; Fade to black)

Doofelations Season 1:27 | Crack That Whip

(Perry put himself into a box, which the mailman picks up, and after some processing, and two plane trips, the box is placed in a mail chute, and arrives at Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: Hmm. Uh, nice entrance, Agent P. But you do realize there's an elevator over there, right? Okay, just pointing it out. Doofenshmirtz is up to something. I want you to get out there and put a stop to it.
♪ Perry! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: Will you cool it with the noise, Perry the Platypus? I've got a splitting headache. I was at this evil mixer until late last night, it was crazy. Can you hang out for just one moment? I'm almost there. Hold on. (Doofenshmirtz presses a button, and a cage falls on Perry) Ow! Oh, I've got to get a quieter trap. Now that you're trapped, I will tell you my evil plan. I'm miserable because I can't grow facial hair. It all started when I was about 15. (He begins to flashback, but then stops) Oh, you know, my head hurts too much for a flashback. Anyway, I've tried everything to grow facial hair. It's all so painful. I hate people with beards, et cetera, et cetera. So, who do they erect a statue of right next door? Rutherford B. Hayes, our 19th president! Only the president with the best facial hair of all! Just look at that thing. There's no beard like 19th century beard, Perry the Platypus. Anyway, that horrible statue must be destroyed as it is a constant reminder follicular failure! Oh. Give me just a moment, Perry. This hurts me more that it hurts you. Literally.

Doofenshmirtz: So, Perry the Platypus, in order to rid myself of that horrid, bearded statue, I've invented the... (He pushes Perry's cage but soon stops) Ugh. Perry the Platypus, this is so heavy. Can you just step out for a sec? I've invented the Bread-inator! Not only will this machine emit a ray that will turn Mr. President into whole-grain bread, it will also release a flock of hungry magpies that will devour the doughy statue! Beard go bye-bye! (He laughs maniacally) Ow, ow. Aw, my evil head.

Doofenshmirtz: (He sighs) Perry the Platypus...my head is killing me. This is all a wash anyway. I'll turn on the ray and you'll turn off the ray, thwarting my plan. Let's just get it over with, all right? Ray on.
(Doofenshmirtz fires the -inator, but the beam bounces off a mirror, two men were carrying)
(Perry turns off the -inator)
Doofenshmirtz: Ray off. Good.
♪ Perry! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: I'm just going to lie down for a bit. I promise I'll be more evil next time, alright?
(The magpies are released)

Doofelations Season 1:28 | The Best Lazy Day Ever

(Garbage clattering)
(Dance music; record scratch)
Major Monogram: Oh, hey, Agent P. Carl, give me a close up. So, uh, anyway... Stop Doofenshmirtz. (at Carl) Hit it, Carl.
(Dance music)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪
(Perry barges into the room)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, hello, Perry the Platypus. I'd like to introduce you to something. (He zaps Perry, causing the latter to run in slow motion)
♪ (Distorts) Perry... ♪
♪ (Slow-mo) Dooby dooby doo wah ♪
♪ Dooby dooby doo wah ♪
♪ Doo ♪
Doofenshmirtz: My Slow Motion-inator! This way, you're too slow to foil my evil scheme and I don't have to worry about capturing you. Problem solved. Anyway, let's get down to business. I don't know if you've ever noticed, but I'm not exactly very... Mmm, what do the kids call it these days? Handsome. My doctor says it's genetic, but I don't blame my parents. I blame everyone else in the entire Tri-State Area for being better-looking that me. So, I invented this. My Ugly-Inator! (Frog croaks) It harnesses the horned frog's unpleasant appearance to render it's target ugly! Let me give you a demonstration on handsome movie actor Vance Ward.
Vance: Hi, I'm Vance Ward.
Doofenshmirtz: If it can turn him ugly, it can turn anything ugly. Are you ready, Vance?
Vance: I guess, but I didn't get a script. I mean, what's my motivation in this scene?
Doofenshmirtz: Motivation? Oh, I think it will be clear to you in a second. (Shoots Vance with Ugly-Inator)
(Honk)
Doofenshmirtz: (Laughs) Now onto the rest of the Tri-State Area! Oh, and Perry the Platypus, you know what the best part of my plan is? I can do it from the comfort of my own living room! With my favorite flat-screen TV and recliner. (Sits on recliner) Ah...

♪ (Slow mo, deep voice) Doo be doo be doo wa doo ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Whoop! (Laughs maniacally) Yoo hoo, Perry the Platypus, come and get it!
♪ (Slow mo, deep voice) Doo be doo be doo ♪
Oh, I forgot! You're too slow to catch me now! (Laughs)
♪ (Slow mo, deep voice) Doo be doo be doo wa (x3) ♪
♪ Doo be ♪
Oh, duh! Of course! You were going for the Slow Motion-inato--. Wait! Wait, no! Don't touch the reverse switch!
(Perry flips the switch and the laser from the Ugly-inator zaps. Suspense and action music)
Doofenshmirtz: (Laughs; Zaps Perry with Ugly-inator) (Honk) (Snorts; Laughs) You should see yourself! You're so ugly! (Ugly-inator zaps TV) (Honk; Zaps recliner) (Honk; Lever flips, Anchor goes down)

(Perry shoots the Ugly-inator at Doofenshmirtz)
(Honk)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh no! Now I'm ugly! Oh. Oh, I get it. Hardy-har-har.
(Perry replaces the frog with the Vance Ward picture)
Doofenshmirtz: My autographed picture of Vance Ward! Oh, you've perverted my ugly invention with something beautiful!
(Perry shoots the Ugly-inator at Vance)
Vance: Thanks, whoever you are. Now, get me out of here!
(Perry then shoots the Ugly-inator at Jeremy and the Incidentals)

(Perry shoots the Ugly-inator at himself)
Doofenshmirtz: What about my TV and chair?
(Belts rip)
Vance: (Screaming) Get me off this thing! (Screams)
(Perry flips the reverse switch on the slow Motion-Inator then shoots Vance and himself)
♪ (Slow Mo, Deep voice) Doo be doo be doo ba... ♪
(Perry shoots Ugly-Inator at hot air balloon)
Doofenshmirtz: My balloon! Curse you, Perry the Platypus!

Doofelations Season 1:29 | Boyfriend From 27,000 B.C.

(Perry sneaks up the drainpipe, and across a telephone wire, dressed as a magpie, and enters his layer via a telephone box)
Major Monogram: (Chuckles) Oh, there you are, Agent P. (Chuckles) Carl, he fell for it! (Chuckles)
(Carl laughs)
Major Monogram: We were just kidding about the whole magpie costume. (Perry rips off beak) Anyway, Doofenshmirtz is up to something. Seek out that wild-eyed miscreant and found out what he's up to.
Carl: Ooh! Tell him to do it dressed as a rabbit!
Major Monogram: Ooh, and Agent P, could– Could you do it dressed as a... Bunny? (He laughs)
Carl: Good one, sir.
Major Monogram: A big pink bunny.
♪ Perry! ♪

(Perry enters Doofenshmirtz's layer, and is trapped by a helmet, lifting him off the ground)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus! Oh, your persistence is insufferable. And by that, I mean completely sufferable. You're just in time, though, to watch me rid the Tri-State Area of one of my biggest pet peeves: People who dress as sandwiches to promote restaurants. (Pictures of said people flash on screen) You see? You see what I mean? What is this? Are you a person or are you a food? For some reason, I don't mind the taco guy so much. Look at his cute little hat. Anyway, the whole thing sickens me to no end, which is why I created the Sandwich Remove-Inator It sucks all sandwich suits up into the air and then shreds them to teensy, weensy pieces. Today I will fly all over the city and strip anyone dressed as a sandwich right down to their skivvies! (He laughs crazily) Ugh... I've become my mother.

Doofenshmirtz: At last, my efforts have come to fruition! And nothing can stop me! (Turns on Sandwich Remove-Inator, Sputters) Hmm. (He walks out, and returns with a gas nozzle) I told Vanessa if she takes out the big head, she has to fill it up. (Doofenshmirtz fills the -inator) Ah, yes. All zeroes make it so much easier to balance my check-- Perry the Platypus, are you asleep? (He groans) Sometimes I wonder why I even bother to soliloquize. Where was I? At last-- Well, you remember the rest. (Doofenshmirtz flies out)
(Perry picks the lock on his trap with a coat hanger, and whistles for his rocket car to come pick him up, he then proceeds to chase ofter Doofenshmirtz)
♪ Doo be doo be doo ba ♪
♪ Doo be doo be doo ba ♪
♪ Doo be doo be doo ba ♪
♪ Doo be doo be doo ba ♪
♪ Doo be doo be doo ba ♪
♪ Doo be doo be doo ba ♪
♪ Agent P! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: Well, well, well, what do you know? A hapless sandwich man. Prepare to be eaten by the Remove-Inator!
(Remove-Inator sucks sandwich costume and brochures)
Man: Mother of mayonnaise!
Doofenshmirtz: Yes! It is functioning properly! Oh no! Perry the Platy-- Oof!

Doofenshmirtz: Oof!
(Perry pulls lever and the sandwich Remove-Inator drops sandwich costume)
Doofenshmirtz: I got you know, Perry the Platy– Oof! (He falls off) Curse you, Perry the Platy– Oof!

Doofenshmirtz: (Now in the sandwich costume that fell from his -inator) Ugh... What smells like mustard? Huh? (He screams)
Conk: That big sandwich!
Phineas: Well, I guess we can't compete with a sandwich like that.
(Conk chases after Doofenshmirtz)
Phineas: They say if you love something, let it go.
Ferb: Especially if it's a caveman.
Phineas: Yeah. Especially if it's a caveman.

Doofelations Season 1:30 | Voyage to the Bottom of Buford

(Surf Rock music, Water splashing)
Major Monogram: Morning, Agent P. We've intercepted some very surprising footage from a local TV station. (Plays video)
Reporter: Breaking news: A kitten in peril! Up a tree! (Cat falls) Oh no!
(Doofenshmirtz trips, Kitten falls in his bag)
Wow, a good Samaritan saved her!
Major Monogram: (Stops video) You see that? Dr. Doofenshmirtz saving a kitten. Looks like he's defecting to the good side! Make contact and present him with our standard welcome package. Monogram out.
(Perry opens chest, Pulls out welcome package)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪
(Perry presses doorbell buzzer)
Doofenshmirtz: Hello? Oh, Perry the Platypus. What do you want? Oh, a gift for me? (Unhooks chain lock) Oh, how sweet of you! Oh, what's this note attached? "Congratulations, Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz, on defecting to the good side"? Oh no, not you, too! The TV's been repeating that news footage all day! First, I'm not going to the good side. Second, I'm going to keep this basket. There's a lot of goodies here. Third, let me tell you what really happened.
(Flashback)
(Narrating) I was out picking up a few things, and as I was walking out of the store, I tripped on something. As I fell, out of nowhere this kitten landed in my bag!
(Flashback ends)
(Groans) After all my evil attempts to dominate the Tri-State Area, this one little accident has ruined my reputation. Worst of all, it happened on the eve of the Evil Scientists' Fraternity Reunion. If they see that broadcast, I'll be a laughingstock. They might even take away my membership, and then I'll lose all my benefits.
(Perry looks at watch, and walks away)
Uh, hello? (Presses button on remote)
(Robot arms trap Perry)
I wasn't done talking yet. That was sort of rude.

Doofenshmirtz: So, Perry the Platypus, allow me to introduce the Media Erase-inator! Patent pending, Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc. It will erase all video signals, print ads, basically it will erase any image in the entire Tri-State Area! And I will be able to attend my reunion without any embarrassment.
Perry: (Whips head, fedora flies and hits remote, breaking the remote and releasing trap)
Doofenshmirtz: Huh? But I-- (Perry kicks Doofenshmirtz) Oof!

(Media Erase-Inator zapping everywhere)
Doofenshmirtz: It's going crazy! It's shooting all over willy-nilly, but really half-nilly!
(Lasers hits Love Händel billboard, TV Store, and newspaper stand)

♪ Doo be doo be doo ba (X4) ♪
(Media Erase-inator fizzing)
(Perry grabs wire circuit lid and flies off)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait! Where are you going? (Media Erase-inator blows up) Curse you, Perry the Platypus! (Kitten falls into his hands) Oh, come on!

Doofelations Season 1:31 | A Hard Day's Knight

(At Perry's lair...)
Major Monogram: Ahh, Agent P. Sorry about the tight squeeze, but they're on the metric system. Doofenshmirtz is attending an evil scientists' convention in London. We're sending you in undercover, disguised as evil scientist Dr. Lloyd Wexler who, incidentally, is the man sitting next to you. Good luck, Agent P.

(At Evil-Con)
Doofenshmirtz: You didn't think I'd recognize you, did you? But I do! You're Dr. Lloyd Wexler, my greatest hero in all of evil science. Oh, I can't believe I'm actually talking to you! You know, I wrote my thesis on one of your early ransom notes. Gee, you wouldn't mind if I just hung around with you today, would you?
Perry: (He blinks twice)

(At Evil-Con)
Doofenshmirtz: It makes me so happy to be surrounded by so much evil. Oh, look! It's your autobiography. It's always been a dream of mine to have you read it to me. (He pauses) Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait! (Pulls out a teddy bear) Okay, now I'm ready.
Doofenshmirtz: (laughs) Come on! Don't be shy. Paragraph 4. "Upon an evil winter's heart." Go ahead.
Perry: (lip-syching from the book on CD) "Upon an evil winter's heart, the heavy hand of regret infrequently alights. The malevolent path is one trod without the cumbersome shackles of sentimental introspec... spec... spec... spec... spec... spec... spec..." (He whacks the CD player with the book)
Doofenshmirtz: Hmm, that's funny. I don't remember you saying "spec" so many times. (Perry rips off his disguise) Dr. Wexler, you're a platypus. (Perry, looking annoyed, puts his fedora on. Doofenshmirtz gasps) Perry the Platypus!
Doofenshmirtz: I want to say that I knew it was you all along, but I can't because I didn't. So now, I guess I'm supposed to surrender, which I might do if we weren't standing IN THE MIDDLE OF AN EVIL WEAPONS EXPO! (He runs to the giant robots, and gets in one) Ah-ha! Perry the Platypus, your giant robot dragon is no match for my giant robot... Queen Elizabeth I. Hmmm. W- Would you mind switching robots with me? Would you mind too terribly? Please? (They switch robots) Thanks. Thank you very much. I just prefer this one. Thanks. Now, Perry the Platypus, your silly, girly Queen Elizabeth I robot is no match for my giant, fire-breathing... (Perry's robot shoots a laser blast at Doofenshmirtz) Ow! Ow! Wait! I didn't know she had laser eyes. I want to trade back. (Perry sends a punch at Doofenshmirtz) Oof! Well, yours may have laser eyes, but mine breathes (The dragon robot shoots fire from behind Doof) f- (He screams as the fire rushes past) (The dragon robot stops shooting fire) That was a stupid design.

(the robots continue fighting)
Lawrence: (Reading from a newspaper inside a taxicab driving past the fight) Good heavens, look at that! They're making a new version of Jane Eyre.
Doofenshmirtz: (Laughs) Obviously, your Queen Elizabeth I is no match for my dragon! (The Queen Elizabeth robot breaks the headlock she was in) That Queen Elizabeth is a tough old bird.
(Perry continues to wail on Doofenshmirtz, until, Doofenshmirtz accidentally pushes a button)
Computer: Thank you for pressing the self-destruct button.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, that's just great!
(He slams down on the console)
Computer: Thank you for pressing the ejection button. Remember to take a parachute with you.
Doofenshmirtz: Now you tell me!

Doofelations Season 1:32 | Traffic Cam Caper

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪
♪ After hours... ♪
Doofenshmirtz: What is it? Oh-Oh, Perry the Platypus. Uh, hold on one second What? The pressures of an evil life! I need a grind guard. Wait a minute. Why are you here? You're not due to shatter my plans till tomorrow. Oh. Come on in.
Norm: Hi. I'm Norm.
Doofenshmirtz: That's it? You just want to borrow Norm? My giant robot man? Fine. Knock yourself out. I'm going back to bed. Just so you know, he's a little low on oil. Oh, and-and, Perry the Platypus—I don't want to see one scratch on that machine.
(Perry gives Doofenshmirtz a thumbs up and goes with Norm down the elevator)
Norm: Hi. I'm Norm. 

Doofelations Season 1:33 | Bowl-R-Ama Drama

(We show a diagonal view of the Flynn-Fletcher house as it begins.)
Candace: (On her cell phone, in her room) Oh, my gosh, Stacy!
Oh, my gosh! Oh, my gosh! Oh, my gosh!
Jeremy asked me if I could meet him at the fair later today next to the Ferris wheel.
Oh, no! I almost forgot I'm scared of heights! What am I going to do?
Linda: (Calling from downstairs) Candace, we're leaving now!
Candace: Mom, I'm having a teenage crisis!
Linda: Don't forget we're going bowling.
We need you to keep an eye on the boys.
Lawrence: Preferably two.
Phineas: Bowling? That sounds fun.
Hey, Dad, is it alright if we use that old lawn-bowling set?
Lawrence: Sure thing, boys! Knock yourselves out.
Linda: Toodles!

(Outside, in the backyard)
Phineas: You know, Ferb, with a few modifications, we could really zip up this old lawn-bowling set.
Baljeet: Hello, Phineas. What'you doing?
Ooh! I just sounded like Isabella.
Phineas: We're gonna build the world's biggest and best bowling-ball game!
Baljeet: Well, according to The Most Pointless Book of World Records...
(♪ Fanfare; a brief pause)
...the world's largest bowling ball is four feet in diameter.
Phineas: Four feet? Ferb, we could beat that record in our sleep.
Baljeet: You know, the officials from The Most Pointless Book of World Records...
(♪ Fanfare)
...will be at the fair today at 3:00, handing out awards.
Phineas: Ferb, get the tools. We've got a record to shatter.
Baljeet: And then you will be in the next volume!
(♪ Fanfare)
(to Buford) Is that absolutely necessary?
Buford: Why? Does it bug ya?
Baljeet: Well, yes, a little.
Buford: Then, yeah, it's necessary.
Baljeet: All right. Fair enough.
Hey, where is Perry?
(♪ Fanfare)

♪ Perry the Platypus! ♪
(Perry falls out of a tube with a missing part that Carl's been fixing)
Carl: Ooh, sorry about that, Agent P.
♪ Herman the Hedgehog! ♪

Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P.
We've tracked Doofenshmirtz to an old abandoned warehouse, and he's made some suspicious purchases, 10,000 packets of powdered hot chocolate, a hotdog vendor's cart, a medium-sized parka, and a pair of red flannel long johns with a flap in the back.
Don't ask us how we know. Get out there and kick some Doofen-butt.

(Montage of Phineas and Ferb building a gigantic bowling ball.
Phineas and Ferb are shown sleeping)
Baljeet: Wow! That is one big bowling ball.
Phineas: Hey, look at that, Ferb! Told you we could do it in our sleep.

(Scene shifts to Candace's room)
Candace: So, what do you think I should wear to the fair tonight?
I'm thinking my favorite red blouse with my white skirt and red matching socks.
(Bowling pins crashing)
Candace: Stacy, I'm gonna have to call you back.

(In the backyard, the set of bowling pins crash again. Baljeet and Buford cheer)
Phineas: That was amazing!
Isabella: Wow, Phineas! Another strike!
Phineas: That makes four in a row! In your face, Buford!
Baljeet: Ha ha! Yes! What he said! In da face!
(Laughs) Uh-uh, I mean... You will get him next time. Clearly.
Phineas: Ferb, did you get that strike?
(Ferb gives a thumb up then pushes the "Reset" button)

Phineas: Who's next?
Candace: Phineas, just what do you think you're doing out here?
Phineas: Candace, you're just in time. It's your turn.
Candace: Just wait until Mom hears about...
Then again, you guys always seem to make everything disappear before Mom gets home.
But if I take the evidence to her at the Bowl-A-Rama, then she'll have to believe me!

(Candace daydreams)
Linda: Oh, Candace, you were right about Phineas and Ferb this whole time.
We should've believed you.
Lawrence: And just to express how sorry we are, here's my credit card.
You have our permission to ruin us financially.
Jeremy: Candace, that is so cool how you busted your brothers like that!
Will you marry me?
(Daydream ends)

Phineas: So, you wanna give it a try?
Candace: I do, Jeremy, I mean, uh... I'd love to give it a try!
Phineas: All right. I'll show you how it works.

(Candace and Phineas inside of the giant bowling ball)
Phineas: Well, first of all, the cockpit's on a gyroscope so it stays level.
Here's your monitor, and this is the trackball you use to steer.
Now, no matter what, never hit the gyro stabilizer lock button! It'll disable the gyroscope, and you'll spin around like a greased pig on roller skates.
Candace: Yeah, yeah, use the trackball. Don't hit the button. I got it!
Phineas: All right. You seem to know what you're doing.
Candace: Do I ever?
This is a piece of cake.
Bowl-R-Ama, here I come!
Phineas: Okay, Candace, try to take it slow at first!
(The ball takes off at warp speed)
Candace: (laughs hysterically as she controls the ball)
(The ball hits the pins)
Phineas: Way to go, Candace!
(The ball rolls over Ferb's table and away)
Where's she going?
She's freestylin'! We've gotta follow her and see what she does!
Let's go, team!

♪ Doofenshmirtz Abandoned Self Storage! ♪
(Perry swings into the abandoned self storage via grappling hook. After landing on a metallic ledge, he looks around suspiciously, only to end up getting frozen by a giant robotic penguin.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus. Right on time. It seems like you've got quite a chill there!
I want you to meet my latest creation: the Giant Robotic Penguin Icy-Freeze-Your-Socks-Off Breath-inator...thingy!
First, I will unleash my giant penguins at the fair today, so they may begin freezing the entire city!
Then I will sell all the citizens of Danville my organic, yet highly addictive, Doof brand hot chocolate. Because, you know, who doesn't enjoy a nice cup of hot chocolate when it's so cold out? The first cup will be free, of course. But then the second... will also be free. But then the third... will cost a million dollars! That way, I only have to sell three, and I will already be a millionaire.
So, Perry the Platypus, as they say in Mexico, dos svidanya! Down there, that's two vidanyas.

(Scene shifts to the street)
Phineas: She's headed for the Bowl-A-Rama!
Candace: (laughs hysterically)

Linda: You know, dear, Candace hasn't called.
Lawrence: Oh, don't worry. I'm sure the kids are having a ball.

(The ball hits a car and bounces away)
Phineas: Ooh! That's gotta hurt.
(The ball rolls through a construction sight, inside, the trackball comes loose)
Candace: Oh, no!
(The ball falls down a hole and goes through a pipe)
Phineas: So where does this lead?
Construction Worker: Huh. Heck if I know.
Phineas: Ferb, the map of Danville's underground.
(Ferb pulls out aforesaid map)
Looks like she's headed downtown.

Candace: Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop!
(The ball stops on a railroad)
(Sighs) Oh, good, it stopped!
(Eyes widen) WAIT...
(Notices a train coming via monitor) Go, go, go, go, go!
(The train hits the ball, it rolls down the railroad and through a station)
Barry: That's one big bowling ball, Bob.
Bob: You betcha, Barry.

Phineas: Here she comes!
Buford/Baljeet: Go, Candace!
Buford: There she goes.
Phineas: All right, guys! To Seventh Street!

(At the abandoned self storage. Perry frees himself from the ice trap by using a mug of hot chocolate. He then leaves using his grappling hook.)

(Scene shifts to the subway entrance.)
Baljeet: Candace! You can do it! Go, Candace!
Isabella: Go! Go! Go!
(Dinging)
Phineas: Hey, Baljeet, what's the world record for the largest pinball machine?
Baljeet: I am not sure, but I know we can beat it.
Phineas: Okay, everybody, split up and let's keep her in play until we get to the fair.

Doofenshmirtz: To the fair, my pets, where the freezing of the Tri-State Area will begin! (Later notices the bowling ball) Wait. Wait, what is that? A giant bowling ball? AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!

Shady Joe: Step right up, ladies and gentlemen, step right up! It's only a dollar to see the mysterious Penguin-Man. Is he man? Is he penguin? Or perhaps some logic-defying amalgam of man and penguin? A manguin, if you will.
Doofenshmirtz: I used to have goals. They were evil goals, but they were goals.

Doofelations Season 1:34 | Got Game?

(Episode starts inside the garage at the Flynn-Fletcher house. Here, Buford and Isabella play foosball.)
Buford: Prepare to feel the wrath of Buford.
Isabella: Don't bring that smack-talk around here. This is my house!
Phineas: Technically, this is our garage.
Ferb: She's on a roll.
Buford: No girl has ever beaten Buford.
Watch and learn. It takes a highly trained eye and a quick wrist to...
Isabella: (scores) "...to score like that", Buford?
Buford: (Recovers from initial shock) Hey! I wasn't ready.

(In Candace's room)
Candace: Stacy, what am I going to do?
Jeremy's coming over to take my picture for his photo class.
Stacy: So, what's the...? (notices Candace's hair) Oh!
Candace: (reveals her hair is messed up) Yeah, you think he'll notice? This is the worst bad hair day ever! I'm officially freaking out! (picks up her cell phone) I'll call and cancel.
Stacy: No, wait! Just wear a hat.
Candace: Yeah! A hat! ..... How's this?
Stacy: Well, your hair looks better.
Candace: Yeah, but the strap is cutting off my... (the hat rips off) I'm gonna need something stronger.

(Back in the garage)
Buford: Alright! This is the tie-breaker.
Isabella: I thought the last two were.
Buford: Nah. It's this one.
Isabella: Tell you what I'm going to do, Buford.
I'm going take this ball and I'm going hit into your goal in one shot.
Buford: Oh, is that right?
Isabella: Absolutely, and you want to know the funny part?
There's nothing you can do about it!
Buford: Bring it!
(He and Isabella play)
(Laughs) You missed.
Isabella: Wait for it.

(Cut to Candace's room)
Candace: What about this?

(Cut back inside the garage)
Isabella: Ain't that how it works, Buford?
Phineas: Wow. Nice foosing, Isabella.
Isabella: Thanks.
(Candace appears)
Candace: (appears)
You guys are making such a racket that I can't focus.
I need time to fix my hair.
'Cause when Jeremy gets here, I don't wanna be wearing this stupid...
Jeremy: Hey, Candace.
Candace: Hello, Jeremy. Ha.
Jeremy: You look sporty.
Candace: Oh, you like it?
Jeremy: Well, that's perfect.
(holds up a camera) The sport shoot.
Buford: Well, that didn't really count, 'cause it's just a dainty little girls' game.
Isabella: It could be the biggest game in the world, and girls could still beat boys.
(pauses)
Biggest game in the world. Did you get that, Phineas?
Phineas: Yeah, we're on it.
(at Ferb) Ferb, I know what we're gonna do today.
Buford: Great.
It's boys against girls.
And to give ya a fair shot, I'll even take Shrimpy here.
Baljeet: I am honored.
Buford: So, who's on your team?
Isabella: Candace, can you be on the girls' team with me?
Candace: Isabella, I'm a little busy right...
Jeremy: Perfect. Real action shots. Oh, you'll look great.
Candace: Really? OK, I'm in.
Phineas: Hey, where's Perry?

(Inside the house, Perry walks to the bookshelf and then puts on his fedora. He then presses a button revealing an entrance with caution tape and a note from Monogram saying it's out of order and to use an alternate entrance. He holds the note, looks at the camera with a raised eyebrow, and then walks away. He goes to a door, which Perry opens. The camera pans down to show the stairs.)


(Later, in Perry's lair)
(♪ Perry's theme, slow mo) ♪ Doobie doobie doo-wah... ♪
Major Monogram: There you are, Agent P.
Sorry about the stairs, our elevator maintenance guy is on a corporate retreat with our slide-waxing guy.
Anyway, our intelligence tells us that Doofenshmirtz has been shopping around for a show dog.
We need you to infiltrate the pet store and uncover his evil plan.
Me, I'm goin' home early. It's taco night. Ha-ha.
(♪ mariachi)
♪ Agent P! ♪
(Perry looks up at the stairs then sighs wearily)


(In a locker room at the F-Games stadium)
Phineas: So those are the official rules for the F-Games. Any questions?
Buford: Yeah. Why are they called the F-Games?
Isabella: Yeah.
Candace: Yeah, why is that?
Phineas: "F" for Ferb.
All: (gasp) Ohh.
Baljeet: I, too, have a question.
If I miss the third shuttlecock with my rubber chicken, does Buford have to jump over the chokecherry bush before or after the girls finish peeling their tangerines?
All but Baljeet: After!!
Buford: Aw, man, pay attention. You're embarrassing me.
Phineas: All right, then let's get out there.

(crowd cheering)
Buford: Wow, definitely big.

(Song: "F-Games")
♪ Na-na na-na na, na-na na-na na (2x) ♪
♪ Na-na na-na na na na na-na na (2x) ♪

♪ Don't wanna hear no smack talk ♪
♪ You wanna call your mama, here's a dime ♪
♪ It's time to walk the walk-walk ♪
♪ You gotta rapid skate, get on the line ♪
♪ So get your game on, or else it's shame on you ♪

♪ Gimme an "F" ♪
♪ F! ♪
♪ Gimme an "F" ♪
♪ F-Games ♪
♪ Are you a contender? ♪

♪ Gimme an "F" ♪
♪ F! ♪
♪ Gimme an "F" ♪
♪ F-Games ♪
♪ In the battle of the genders! ♪

♪ Na-na na-na na, na-na na-na na ♪

♪ Yeah... ♪

♪ Na-na na-na na ♪
♪ Na-na na-na na, na-na na-na na ♪

♪ F-Games... ♪

♪ Na-na na-na na na na na-na na ♪

Phineas: Ooh. Extra points for recycling.
The girls' score is now the square root of pi, while the boys still have a crudely drawn picture of a duck.
Clearly, it's still anyone's game.

(In the pet shop, My Little Doggies)
Doofenshmirtz: Yes, I'm looking for a purebred show dog.
Shop owner: Well, we have various award-winning breeds to choose from.
Doofenshmirtz: Ooh, what about him?
(Camera pans to Perry, in pet mode, disguised as a dog)
Doofenshimrtz: Oh, he's perfect.
Oh, yes. Coochie-coochie-coo.
You are Doctor D's precious little puppy, aren't you?
Shop owner: Sir, I'm not even sure if that's a dog.
Doofenshmirtz: Don't try to wheel and deal with me.
I get a big alimony check every month, so money's no object.
Shop owner: Oh; well, in that case, he's ten thousand dollars.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, coochie-coochie.
You are my little coochie-coochie.
You are my ticket into the Danville Dog Show, and together, we will make them pay for all I have suffered.

(flashback)
Back when I was just a little schtumpel, my father came home with a brand-new spitzenhound puppy that he won in a game of Poke the Goozim With a Stick.
(Goozim roars)
My father said the dog was like the son he never had and named him Only Son.
Only Son became an award-winning show dog, bringing my father fame and fortune, while I was forced to be the lawn gnome.Y-You remember that story, right, with my neighbor, Kenny?
I don't have to go through - OK.
(flashback ends)

So, to recap, my entire fragile self-esteem is totally dependent on your performance today at the dog show, but, you know, no pressure.

(At the dog show)
And don't worry about your lack of training and experience, because I have an ace in the hole. ....
This - the Misbehav-inator. It, uh, well, it does what the name implies.
Watch this.
(dog yips)
Ha-ha-ha.
Bad dog!
(dog barks)
Ah, nothing can stop us now. Hee-hee-hee-hee.
(gasps) Aah! Hey, what was all that about?

♪ Perry! ♪

Perry the Platypus?
Uh, ha-ha, now I'm very embarrassed about all that "coochie-coochie-coo" stuff.
Wait, wait. Where are you going?
Bring back my Misbehav-inator!

(In the backyard)
Isabella: Well, Buford, that was a great game. Come on, be a good sport.
Buford: Like I said before, losing to a girl doesn't count. (gets zapped by Doofenshmirtz's -inator) What I meant to say was I had a wonderful time. I guess you were right. Girls are just as good as boys. Thanks again. Woo-hoo! The F-Games rock.
Ferb: That was completely out of character.

Doofelations Season 1:35 | Comet Kermillian

Major Monogram: (Talking throughout the Flynn-Fletcher's television set) Agent P, (Perry puts on his fedora) Sorry to disturb you, but we have an emergency. We've just been informed that all steaks in the Tri-State area have disappeared. This has Doofenshmirtz written all over it. Go lay your smack-down on him, Agent P. The fate of the world rests entirely in your hands.
Lawrence: (Walking into the living room) What, the fate of the world?
Major Monogram: Uh, welcome to our telethon. If you're just joining us, your dollars are helping us to find a cure for, um... antidisestablishmentarianism.
Lawrence: Goodness me, that sounds dreadful!
Major Monogram: Oh, it is. It, um, makes you look pale and weak, (He shows Carl) like this young lad.
Lawrence: Oh dear, the poor thing. Look at that. Wait a minute. Antidisestablishmentarianism? That's more of an ideological stance than a disease. Isn't it?
Major Monogram: Uh, well, look at that. (He hides Carl) Seems they just found a cure. Thanks to all the viewers who donated. Bye now.
(Monogram cuts the feed)
Linda: Honey, you ready to go?
Lawrence: Yeah, sure. Hey, did you know they've just found a cure for antidisestablishmentarianism?
Linda: Great. I can finally take off this puce ribbon.

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: One moment, please. ... (Doofenshmirtz comes out wearing two steaks as glasses) Perry the Platypus? What are you looking at? ... Oh, these. Yes, these are my latest invention - steak specs. I came up with the idea after your last little visit. (Doofenshmirtz shows Perry his black eye) With these on, you don't have to constantly hold a piece of steak to your black eye. See? See?... I plan on mass-producing these. I'll make millions. Let me show you. (He shows Perry a containment unit for all the steaks) I've stolen all the steaks in the Tri-State Area, and I keep them here in my steak containment unit or SCU (Pronounced skʰʌ), for short, or maybe it should be SCU (Pronounced skʰu). ... I'm a little on the fence about - Wait. What are you doing? (Perry pulls down a she, revealing an -inator) Oh, that? That's just a giant heat ray in case I want to do something evil later.

Doofenshmirtz: Wait. You're not trying to hack into the ray-gun system, are you? Wait, what am I worried about? You'll never guess my super-secret password.
Heat laser: "Doofalicious". Access granted.
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, that's enough.
(Perry flipps doofenshmirtz onto a large, red button)
Heat laser: Overload.
Doofenshmirtz: (He groans) This should be fun.
(The ray-gun begins firing wildly)

Doofenshmirtz: (A beam from the heat ray focuses on the Steak Containment Unit) Not the SCU! (Pronounced skʰʌ) Now that I'm looking at the sign, I think it really does look more like SCU (Pronounced skʰu). ... Not the SCU! Come back here! Perry the Platypus, come back. Ooh, something smells delicious. (The top of Doofenshmirtz's building explodes sending steaks flying) Curse you, Perry the Platypus.

Linda: (Arriving home) I can't believe we drove around the whole city and couldn't find one steak.
Candace: (Candace then runs outside in her normal outfit) Mom, they used a laser to carve their faces in the comet.
Lawrence: Candace, I don't see anything.
Candace: No, no, no.You could only see it from their observatory. Come on, come on. See?
(Candace walks into the backyard and stares deadpanned. Linda and Lawrence walk in as well)
Lawrence: Well, I don't see an observatory.
Linda: Sorry, everyone! We looked all over town, and we couldn't find any steaks.
(Everyone is disappointed)
Buford: Oh, man. I even brought my own plate!
Lawrence: At least we can all enjoy Kermillian's Comet together.
Phineas: Yeah, before it disappears for another seventy three and a half years.
Candace: (runs up to them) Just wait! When I'm eighty-eight, you will be so busted! (runs off)
Ferb: Actually, you'd be eighty-eight and a half.
Candace: (offscreen) Whatever!
Lawrence: So, honey, make a wish.
Linda: I wish we had steaks.
Buford: Yeah, me too.
(Cooked steaks from Doofenshmirtz's SCU begin to fall from the sky)
Linda: I'll be honest. I didn't think that would work.
Baljeet: (With a steak on his head) I did not bring a plate... I thought they would be provided...
Street Performer 2: Dude, we should getting served.
Street Performer 1: Yeah, I'm gettin' used to it.
(The rest of the Danville citizens get steaks on their plates, and Pinky gobbles up the steaks himself)
Jeremy: Candace, are you okay?
Candace: You mean you came over to check on me?
Jeremy: Of course.
(Perry lands on Phineas' plate)
Phineas: Oh, there you are, Perry.

Doofelations Season 1:36 | Put That Putter Away

♪ Dooby, dooby, doo bah ♪
♪ Dooby, dooby, doo ♪
Major Monogram: Just looking over your request for vacation time. We're ready to approve it, but there's one small problem. And by "small problem," I mean "big problem." And by "approve it," I mean "deny it." Sorry, Agent P. I know you've been putting in a lot of extra hours, but we've got word that Dr. Doofenshmirtz has bought a new house in the suburbs. Three bedroom, two and a half baths, central air. Nice place. We need you to find out what he's up to. Here's his new address. Good luck, Agent P.
♪ Perry! ♪

♪ Doofenshmirtz's house in the suburbs! ♪

(Doofenshmirtz's house in the suburbs)
Male Voice: The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, by Mark Twain. Translated into evil. Chapter one. "Tom Sawyer's dislike of Aunt Polly was rivaled only by his hatred of puppies."
Doofenshmirtz: Waah! Oof! Perry the Platypus! You scared the dunkelschtup out of me! Don't you know it's rude to bust in on someone's new home unannounced and... (Gasps) A housewarming gift? Oh, how thoughtful! How thoughtful. Thank you. Look, Perry the Platypus, as much as I hate to admit it, I'm not really up to anything terribly nasty today. So, you're welcome to chill out here for the day. It's nice, huh? Huh? What do you think? If you need, I'll even sign something that says I was up to no good.

(Doofenshmirtz's house in the suburbs)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, this is nice, eh? But, you know, I don't think suburban life is for me. I'm thinking of just adding a breakfast nook and flipping the property. The main problem is my neighbor, Phil. He is truly diabolical. His fruit falls into my yard, his dog poops on my lawn, he leaves his trash cans out too long, and... Oh, I'm at my wit's end! And the worst, the absolute worst, is his leaf blower.
Okay, that's it! Time to end this once and for all! And no one is stopping me!
Behold, Perry the Platypus! The ultimate suburban weapon: the Atomic Leaf Blower-inator! This will be the last time his stray leaves blow onto my lawn.
Yah! Aahh! Turn it off! Turn it off!
Good, just like planned. Now, I'll blow every leaf onto his property! Ha-ha-ha-ha--ha-ha!

Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, Phil the Neighbor!

Doofelations Season 1:37 | Does This Duckbill Make Me Look Fat?

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪

♪ Pickles so green and meat so brown ♪
♪ Lunchtime-- ♪
Doofenshmirtz: (Ejecting a voice box) Not anymore!
(crash)
Doofenshmirtz: A teenage girl?
(Perry/Candace dons the fedora)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the teenage girl?!
(He pulls out a controller from his lab coat, pushes the button, and Perry/Candace is trapped in a platypus sized cage)
Sorry about the tight fit, but, you know, if I knew you were going to disguise yourself as a teenage girl, I would've set a bigger trap. I'm suppose you're wondering why I have all these clowns, right? Well, you see, I've had that Slushy Burger jingle stuck in my head for, like, a week. You know, it goes like this. ♪ Pickles so green and meat so brown, Lunchtime's fun with Slushy the Clown! ♪ Oh, I hate that song so much, I've stolen all the clowns, and I'm going to rip their tape boxes out. You know, like you do.
I'm going to replace it with my own evil jingle. I just have to finish writing it. I'm having a hard time finding a good rhyme for "evil," though, you know. Believe me, I've tried. Keevil, deevil, feevil, weevil... You know, none of these are words.

Doofenshmirtz: Meevil, steevil, cleavil.... As soon as I get this done, lunchtime will never again be fun. Oh, great! There's a rhyme! There's a rhyme, but sure, everything rhymes with "fun." (Perry/Candace tries to hit him with his tail, but only waves his/her behind in his face).... Ha! You don't have a tail anymore. Now you are no match for me! But wait a minute. I-I-I can't hit a girl. (gets hit with Perry/Candace's shoulder bag)Oof! Did you have that purse when you came in? .... Well, I'm out of here. .... (attempts to speed away, leaving a smoke figure which dissipates, revealing Doofenshmirtz again)
…What just happened?

(Meanwhile back at Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)

Doofenshmirtz: Wait, wait! I can't- I can't fight when you're dressed as a girl. It's so...como se dice... awkward. Look! Shoes on sale! (Perry/Candace looks where Doofenshmirtz points. He tries to run for it during his/her momentary distraction, but he/she takes out an MP3 player out of the purse and throws it at him, rendering him trapped in the now comically long wire.) Curse you, Perry the teenager!
♪ Agent P! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: I gotta get out of this! (hops around in vain trying to escape from the MP3 wire and accidentally hits a button on the panel of an -Inator with plants all over it. It fires) Gah! Oh, dear. My old Shrinkinator. (sighs) I suppose I should've unplugged it before I turned it into a planter.

♪ You best leave her alone ♪
♪ She's playing MP3s on her phone ♪
♪ And whenever she's around ♪
♪ You can hear the bad guys say ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Great. Now I have this song stuck in my head.

Doofelations Season 1:38 | The Flying Fishmonger

But there was one jump that haunts me to this day; McGregor's Gorge of Doom.

(Flashback)
Grandpa Reg: (Narrating) People turned out by the thousands to witness me in my trusty motor bike, the Holy Mackerel, make our biggest jump yet. The event was so massive, I hired a local band to write me a theme song.
Band: (Dirge-like) ♪ He's a Fishmonger, and he flies ♪
Grandpa Reg: But it wasn't exactly a toe-tapper.
Then all of a sudden, it started to rain. I had to postpone my great feat.
The second go at it weeks later had the same result!
And yet another attempt; nothing but blasted rain again.
Man: Let's go!
Woman: Yeah. I've got teeth not to brush.
(Flashback ends)

Grandpa Reg: Over the years, my eyesight went, and with the lumbago...
(Grunts) ...Sciatica...
(Creaking) ...Bursitis and... Wait for it...
(Boing!) Trick knee, jumpin' McGregor's Gorge is an intention lost to the past.
Phineas: Wow, Grandpa. So whatever happened to the Holy Mackerel?
Grandpa Reg: She's right over there.
Although I see your mother turned her into a lamp.
Phineas: Ferb, I know what we're gonna do today!

(Scene shifts to Candace)
Candace: Oh, Grandma, you're gonna love this mall!
I'll show you my favorite store, and there's this little dress that--
(Ding) Hmm...
(Dialing) Stacy, I have a strange feeling that ground just broke in my backyard. I need you to get over there and tell me what's going on.

(Scene shifts to the backyard)
(Trucks beeping)
Phineas: Judging from this photo of McGregor's Gorge, we're right on track!
Who's the tiger?
Isabella: Hey, Phineas! Whatcha doin'?
Phineas: Hey, Isabella. We're helping Grandpa Reg fulfill his crushed dreams.
Isabella: Where's Ferb?
Phineas: He's in the garage restoring the mackerel.
(Briefly, Ferb is seen working on the mackerel in the garage, he stops to eat a grilled cheese sandwich)
Isabella: Cool.
Well, I brought this cute little toy over for Perry. Where is he?
Phineas: Huh. I don't know.

(Scene shifts to Perry's lair)
Carl: Oh, hey, Agent P. Monogram's thrown his back out...
Major Monogram: I'm on the floor, Agent P.
Carl: ...so I'll be giving you your assignment, okay? Okay.
Major Monogram: Do a closeup.
Carl: Huh? Oh, yeah. Huh.
(Beep) (Clears throat)
Doofenshmirtz has been purchasing some suspicious items:

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, just come in! Into my trap! Yes! Sticky flypaper, Perry the Platypus! (Laughs) Quick story? Back in Druselstein in the days of my youth, there was a bully named Boris, and he always wore big, black boots. They called him "Big Black Boots Boris". He was always kicking sand in my face. When I was in the sandbox; Sand. My first date; Sand! Balancing my checkbook; Sand! The beach-- Oddly enough nothing. But I couldn't relax, because I kept waiting for it. Now, though, he will be the one doing the waiting. Behold! The Now who'd blinded by sand-inator! Or maybe the Who's crying now-inator or, something like...something with the "Inator" suffix. In any case, it's a giant sand kicking machine! You see, Perry the Platypus, Boris has moved to the Tri-State Area, so now, I am going to cover his entire house in sand! (Laughs maniacally)

(Scene shifts to Doofenshmirtz and Perry)
Doofenshmirtz: (Laughs) The home of my former nemesis. Time to kick a little sand, eh, Perry the Platypus?
♪ Perry! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Tube socks? What is this, 1974? Well, it's too late now...oh! (Button beeps) What are you doing?

(Scene shifts back to Doofenshmirtz and Perry)
Doofenshmirtz: Cut it out, Perry the Platypus! No grabbies! Ha! No stopping it now!
(Bucket clangs, Wind gusting)
Doofenshmirtz: Even on my Sand-Kicking machine; Sand!
(Bucket clangs, Boot flies, Soil patches gorge)
♪ Agent P! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, Perry the Platypus!

Doofelations Season 1:39 | One Good Scare Ought to Do It!

(Cut to Perry; he goes in a trash can, but comes back out with trash all over him, he goes in the other can that serves as the secret entrance.)
Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P. Dr. Doofenshmirtz is on the move. We tracked him to these coordinates when we suddenly lost his signal. We have two scenarios to explain his disappearance. First, that magical elves have caused Dr. Doofenshmirtz to vanish to the land of angry corn people. The second, is that he may be on his secret, hideout-shaped island with the initial "D" carved into it that satellites found in the exact, spot, where he... vanished... uh, you know what? Uh, forget the magical elves thing. Way off base with that. Anyway, on your way, Agent P.
(Perry gets in his hovercraft and rides off as his theme song plays.)

(Cut to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz's hideout-shaped island! ♪
(Perry drops from a plane and glides to the roof and climbs in. As he is looking around he is trapped by a crate)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? HERE? How could this be? I'm shocked. (walks over to a map of the ocean with his hideout on it) I mean, it would have taken a total evil mastermind to have guessed that you'd track me to this point, find the secret hide-out, glide in under the radar and infiltrate through this access vent, make your way over to this crate, activating my automatic arm and leg restraints. Right here? This is the part where I get all sarcastic and pretend you surprise me. "OH, PERRY THE PLATYPUS?!? HOW? WHAT THE? WHO THE? WHY THE..." Oh! ...Finally ending here, where I finish showing you my brilliant plan. You see Perry the Platypus, this secret hideout doesn't actually belong to me. It belonged to my mentor, Professor Destructicon, Kevin, to his friends. Sadly, he was just captured in the midst of his latest plan to set fire to the sun! Redundant, perhaps. But before they locked him away, Kevin asked a favor of me: To prevent them from discovering his hidden lair and all its secrets, would I please SET FIRE TO THE SUN! I was like, dude, you really got to let that one go, it's a ball of fire! It makes no sense. So he asked me instead to simply destroy his hide-out, which I will now do, using my new Disintevaporator. (Clears throat; Dramatic music) And you, Perry the Platypus, will now be disintevaporated along with it! (Laughs maniacally)

(Cut back to Destructicon's hideout)
Doofenshmirtz: Now I'll just load up a few things that Professor Destructicon let me store here. If there's one thing Kevin understood, it was closet space. Now, I'll just, uh, grab my keys to the escape jet, and, uh... Hmm. I could've sworn I put them in my lab coat. Oh, they're probably over here on the computer console...no. Ah, the kitchen. Hello? Keys? (Laughs) This is a little bit awkward, but have you seen my escape jet keys? (Perry nods) What? You have? Well, that's great! Where are they? (Perry turns his head away, refusing to tell him) You won't tell me? Is this because you don't speak, or are you just being a jerk?

(Cut back to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz's mentor's hideout! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Am I getting warmer? Hmm? (Laughs) The sofa. My keys fell between the cushions, right? Uh, no. Oh, come on! I defeated you fair and square, Perry the Platypus! Why can't you accept your death with dignity and maturity and play "You're getting hot and cold" with me? Fine, be that way. I'll find my keys myself and teach you the meaning of grace under fire. (Disintevaporator beeps) Please! I'll do anything! Oh, for the love of Great Caesar's ghost, what would you have me do? (Perry smiles coyly; Doof is then seen balancing plates on poles while standing on a ball; he then falls off)

(Cut back to Perry and Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Let me get this straight. If I set you free, you'll give me the keys, right? (Perry nods) Oh, for Pete's sake, why didn't you say that, like, an hour ago? (Arm and leg restraints unlock) Oh, look, they were under your cute little platypus foot the whole time. (Laughs) Hurry, open, open, open. Now I grab my stuff. Hurry, hurry, hurry, must hurry. Seat belt, and ignition! (Engine whirring) Whew! That was close! (Laughs) Now, let's just make sure I didn't forget anything in my haste. Let's see, I've got my old basketball, the lamp, the Christmas lights, the umbrella, Perry the Platypus, the Disintevaporator, my golf -- PERRY THE PLATYPUS? (dramatic shock sound plays) THE DISINTEVAPORATOR?! (dramatic shock sound plays again) MY GOLF CLUBS?!? I don't even play golf! Oof! (He and Perry fight) How do you like it, huh? Agh! Wait, wait, wait. Hold on. Time, time, time. I got a hair caught in my mouth. Blagh. (Grunting, Laughs, Alarm beeping) Since you saved me the trouble of opening the hatch, let me show you out! (Perry falls out and hangs on by the Christmas lights)

(Shows Perry on the haunted house, which is being carried by Dr. D's rocket.)
Doofenshmirtz: Here you go, Perry the Platypus. Enjoy your disintevaporation!
(Dr. D throws the Disintevaporator on the the haunted house, and the force of the invention hitting the house is enough to break the string of Christmas lights, thus freeing the haunted house, which lands in the backyard. She turns around, notices it and smiles widely.)
Candace: (deeply) Ee-ee-ee-ee... (runs inside) It's back! Mom, it's back!
(Horror music, zoom in on the timer on the Disintevaporator as it reaches zero. The machine destroys the haunted house, just before Candace drags Linda out.)
Candace: It's back! I told you! It's returned.
(Pause; Baljeet, holding his satchel, is in the middle of their empty yard again.)
Baljeet: Oh, excuse me, I forgot my satchel.
(Pause; Linda looks on in anger. Candace stares with a shocked expression on her face.)
Linda: (walks back inside, flatly) Goodbye, Candace... (Door slams)
Isabella: (Walks up) What's the matter?
Candace: Phineas and Ferb are the matter! This day was ruined, and I didn't even get to hang out with Jeremy!
Isabella: Sorry, but you know, it was the best day for me! Due to my incurable case of hiccups, I spent an entire day showered with undivided attention from Phineas! It was wonderful!
Candace: Hiccups?
(Isabella nods, Jeremy enters.)
Jeremy: Hey, Candace. You ran away so quickly, we didn't get a chance to--
Candace: (Hiccups)
Jeremy: Sounds like you got a bad case of the hiccups.
Candace: (Hiccups)
Jeremy: Here, come on. Let's see what we can do about that. I got a glass of water with your name on it.
Candace: (Hisses)
Suzy: (To Buford) What? What did I do?
Buford: Heh, heh. Um, I- I'll, just uh, go.
(Ominous music)

Doofelations Season 1:40 | The Monster of Phineas-n-Ferbenstein

♪ Doo be doo be doo ba (X2) ♪
♪ Doo ♪
(Organ music plays)
Major Monogram: (Comes out of curtains) Good morning, Agent P. (Puts his arms behind him) The mission you're about to receive may shock you. It may even horrify you! But then again, probably not, I mean, heh. You have been doing this for a while. Anyway, sorry about the tarp behind me. Storm caused some water damage, and-- (Looks at his watch) Ooh! Cheese and crackers! Late for my cousin's wedding. Gotta go. Doofenshmirtz is up to something, and you know what to do.
♪ Perry! ♪

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(Thunder crashes during the jingle.)
(Perry opens the door and tiptoes in)
Doofenshmirtz: Don't close that door! (The door slams. The camera zooms out and he walks on-screen holding a candle) Oh, that's just great! The storms made my security system go all cuckoo, and you just locked us in. (Sighs) Well, you might as well make yourself comfy, 'cause we're stuck in here till the power comes back on. (Thunder crashes as the scene switches to Doofenshmirtz and Perry sitting in chairs) Ooh, quite a storm, huh? Reminds me of a story Papa Doofenshmirtz used to tell me to scare me into wetting the bed. (Laughs) That prankster! (Camera zooms into him) It began a long time ago with my great-great grandfather, Dr. Jekyll Doofenshmirtz!
(2nd flashback. Dr. Jekyll Doofenshmirtz is seen holding a screw)
Doofenshmirtz: (Jekyll Doofenshmirtz puts the screw on a machine) (Narrating) He was obsessed with being (Jekyll Doofenshmirtz screws the screw into place) the most evil scientist of his time. Back then, to be considered truly evil, you actually had to have an angry mob after you.
(A man participating in the mob knocks the handle)
Jameson: Your 11:00 is here.
Jekyll Doofenshmirtz: The angry mob?! Ooh, they're early. Show them to the parlor.
(Scene switch to the parlor, showing everyone in the angry mob)
Woman: (Sips)
Jekyll Doofenshmirtz: Top of the morning, angry mob.
Man: Let's hurry this along, Doctor. We've got a tar-and-feathering at noon.
Jekyll Doofenshmirtz: Yes, of course, of course. This time I know I've created something evil enough to warrant your full attention and anger. The Concoction Brew-Inator! A diabolical machine that produces a potion (Turns the Concoction Brew-Inator on) to turn a normal man, (The Concoction Brew-Inator turns off) like myself, (Grabs the cup) into a horrible monster! (Drinks the potion) Now... tremble before me!
(Ding)
Mob: (Laughing)
Jekyll Doofenshmirtz: (Seen as a fairy) What? You're not so much trembling. Wait, wait, wait, wait! Come back! (The mob leaves. The last person in the mob closes the door) So you're not an angry mob right now, but... I bet you're slightly irritated, right? I should get points for that! I should get points for that.

Jekyll Doofenshmirtz: (Back to normal) Jameson, I think I found the problem. I had the Brew-Inator set to "Fairy Princess" by mistake. (Turns the dial) You know, in hindsight, I question even including a (Turns on the Concoction Brew-Inator) "Fairy Princess" setting to begin with. (The Concoction Brew-Inator whirs then turns off. He grabs the cup) But, you know, live and learn. Cheers! (Drinks the potion) Hmm... Evil has an interesting flavor. I must tell my friend, Dr.-- (He grunts and screams as he turns into a monster)
Jameson: Hmm... It actual worked.
Jekyll Doofenshmirtz: I know! I'm just as surprised as you are! Put her there, Jameson! Psych! (Laughs) (Jumps a few times) At last! A whole new world of evil has opened up to me! You know what this calls for, don't you?
Jameson: A rampage, sir?
Jekyll Doofenshmirtz: Exactly! Oh, and clean your uniform. (Laughs) Evil!
(Song: "He's Eviler")
♪ He's public enemy number one ♪
♪ He's an evil, evil man ♪
Jekyll Doofenshmirtz: That's me!

♪ He's got a diabolical sense of fun ♪
♪ And an evil, evil plan ♪
Jekyll Doofenshmirtz: Well, not a plan so much.

♪ Oh, yes, He's eviler ♪
Jekyll Doofenshmirtz: (While doing rabbit ears on two people having their picture taken) I'm winging it, actually.
♪ More evil than he was before ♪
Jekyll Doofenshmirtz: That's right.

♪ Yes, He's eviler ♪
Jekyll Doofenshmirtz: I don't think that's a word.
♪ And he's taking it door to door ♪
Jekyll Doofenshmirtz: Oops, gotta go. (Chuckles) (Runs to Castle Phineastein) Evil! (Knocks the handle) (Evil laughing) Hyah! Got your nose! (Laughs) I got your... I... I... I really do have his nose. (The platypus monster is seen without his bill) Oops. Heh. Okay, okay. Well, we'll just put this back. (The platypus monster is seen with his bill, but slanted) There you go. Good as new.
Platypus monster: (Growls)
Jekyll Doofenshmirtz: EVIL!!!!
(The platypus monster roars and breaks the doors. It runs after Jekyll Doofenshmirtz)
Phineastein: Oh great! (Puts on his hat and jacket) We really have to stop losing our monsters.

(Inside the building, distinct chattering is heard as the platypus monster walks by)
Jekyll Doofenshmirtz: (Back to normal) Best monster, indeed. Wait till they get a load of pure evil! (Knocks off the punch bowl, cups and drink dispenser and puts the Concoction Brew-Inator on the table) We'll just adjust the dial, and-- (Turns around and notices the platypus monster. He gasps) Yah!
(The platypus monster chatters, and his bill slants. He grabs Jekyll, shakes him and punches him)
Contestant: Monster fight! (Starts a fight with a contestant dressed like a hippo. Soon everyone else starts fighting)
Jekyll Doofenshmirtz: (While being slammed on the floor) Really, really, I don't have your nose! Wait wait. Time out. Allow me one little drink before we continue. I'm parched, okay?

Jekyll Doofenshmirtz: (Drinks a potion) (Chuckles) Just wait till my potion kicks in, you big, dumb monst-- (Grunts and turns into a fairy) What? But I-- I thought I had it set to-- (Flies to the Concoction Brew-Inator and turns the dial. The platypus monster grabs him and yelps. 2nd Flashback ends)
Doofenshmirtz: And, well, I forgot exactly what happens after that. (The lights come back on) Oh, hey, the lights! What do you know? (Gets up and stretches.. Perry also gets up and stretches) Oh, I got no time for my diabolical plan now. I've got the chiropractor at 4:00. (Walks Perry to the door) Could we pick it up tomorrow at, say, my evil scheme monologue? Good! (Camera zooms into him) But, you know, I wonder who actually did win the Best Monster Contest.

(Back in flashback)
Dr. Phineastein: Oh, there you are, platypus monster. (Camera pans to inside the building) And to think I worried you might get into some mischief.
(The platypus monster hacks up Jekyll Doofenshmirtz's wand)
Host: Ladies and gentlemen, we're ready to announce the winner of the Best Monster Contest.
Dr. Phineastein: Hey, we're just in time.

Doofelations Season 1:41 | Oil on Candace

(cut to Perry on the couch)
(Melodramatic music playing)
Man: I love you, my darling.
Woman: No, I love you more than you love me.
Man: I hate you. (Hugs woman)
(Perry blows nose)
(TV Static)
Major Monogram: Sorry to bother you on your day off, Agent P.
(TV Static; Perry changes the channel)
Woman: I love you!
Man: I thought you hated me!
(TV Static)
Major Monogram: Agent P, you've got to concentrate. It's Doofenshmirtz again. He's expecting a visit from his old, evil science teacher, Dr. Gevaarlijk. You must get over there pronto. Those two together are a bad combination. Don't worry about your stories, we'll tape them for you.
(Perry knocks off a bag of chips and puts on his fedora)
♪ Perry! ♪

(cut to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(Doorbell rings)
Doofenshmirtz: Dr. Gevaarlijk already? (Opens door) Oh, oh, it's you, Perry the Platypus. I don't have much time today. You see, my old evil science professor is visiting, and we've always had a rather strained relationship. (Puts down a chair) I think it's best expressed through song. (Presses a button on a remote and the chair traps Perry) Tell me what you think, but no pressure.
(Lights dim)
(Song: "Impress My Professor")
♪ Back in class, Evil 101 ♪
♪ I always had so much fun ♪
♪ Though the one who advised me, openly despised me ♪
♪ Still, I always tried to be number one ♪

♪ I must impress my professor ♪
Singers: ♪ He's got to be good ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I must impress my professor ♪
Singers: ♪ He's misunderstood ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
Singers: (At the same time) ♪ He needs validation for his evil creation ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Like any good evil scientist would ♪

♪ I... must... impress my professor to be a success ♪
Singers: (At the same time) ♪ He... must... impress his professor to be a success ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Or I will still be a flunky, a diploma-less monkey ♪
Singers: (At the same time) ♪ Or he will still be a flunky, a diploma-less monkey ♪
All: ♪ In the eyes of this person ♪
♪ Whose opinion may worsen ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ If my evil invention's not great ♪

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I must impress my professor ♪
Singers: ♪ Impress his professor ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I must impress my professor♪
Singers: ♪ Impress his professor ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I must impress my professor ♪
All: ♪ Before it's too late! ♪
(Perry claps, and the lights go back up)
Doofenshmirtz: So, now you know my plan. (Footsteps approaching) C-Can you hold on a second? I've got to go settle up with the dancers. (to Dancer) Okay, so you guys are all union, right? (Signs check and rips it out of checkbook) All right, here you go. And... Hey, you know, when I'm done with this thing, maybe you and I could, uh... (Dancer walks out of room) Uh, okay, okay. I'll call you! (At Perry) I think I got a shot there.
(Camera pans to Perry, who rolls his eyes)

(cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated)
(Knocking)
Doofenshmirtz: (Gasps) My professor is here! (Laughs as he walks to the door) Now, Perry the Platypus, you will tremble before the mighty, (Opens door) Dr. Gevaarlijk!
Dr. Gevaarlijk: Hello, Heinz. My, look how big you've gotten. (Walks off) Of course you still have that slouch.
Doofenshmirtz: Dr. Gevaarlijk, so good to see you.
Dr. Gevaarlijk: Oh, ja, I've come all the way from Gimmelshtump for chit-chat. So, show me what you're doing.
Doofenshmirtz: I am sure you will be most impressed with my latest evil inventions. (They walk into a room) Here, we have the Deflate-Inator.
Dr. Gevaarlijk: Hmm... Did it work?
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, well... No, not really, but I-- Here we have the Drill-Inator!
Dr. Gevaarlijk: Did anyone get hurt with that?
Doofenshmirtz: Mmm... No, just—Just me. (Chuckles) But, uh...
Dr. Gevaarlijk: Did any of these actually work?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, (Laughs) No, not really. But follow me. (They walk to the kitchen) I do something impressive over... There. My brand-new... Blender-Inator! (Opens the lid and puts a Granny Smith apple in the Blender-Inator) Spelling doom for even the toughest of apples! (Turns it on) Bow down to me, Granny Smith!
Dr. Gevaarlijk: Ja, I'm sure if I was a pomaceous fruit, I would be trembling. Where is your Phone-Inator? I need to call a Cab-Inator'.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, uh, it's, uh, just, uh... (Dr. Gevaarlijk walks away and he stops her) Wait, wait! Don't go. Let me show you this; my very own nemesis.
Dr. Gevaarlijk: Oh Heinz. How can he be your nemesis? (Camera zooms out showing Perry is his normal pet mode) He's doesn't even have a hat.
Doofenshmirtz: No no, I made that mistake a couple times, too, but that's him, I swear!
Dr. Gevaarlijk: In your letters, you said your nemesis was a (Takes out a letter) suave, semi-aquatic personification of unstoppable dynamic fury.
Doofenshmirtz: He is! No, you've just got to see him in action. Here. I'll let him go. (Presses a button on a remote and the chair trap releases) Go ahead, (Puts the remote away in his coat) Perry the Platypus. Thwart my plans. Come on. (Crosses his arms) Let me have it! (Pause) Let me have it, big guy!
Dr. Gevaarlijk: Heinz.
Doofenshmirtz: Get thwartin'!
Dr. Gevaarlijk: He's just a platypus. They don't do much, you know?
Doofenshmirtz: No, no! Wait, wait, wait, wait! He's just about to do something. Wait for it!
(Perry chatters)
Doofenshmirtz: Hmm. I guess it's just a platypus. I could have sworn that was him.
Dr. Gevaarlijk: Heinz, this is just sad.
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, one more thing. (Walks her to a different room) This is going to blow your socks off.

(cut to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Doctor, Doctor, Doctor! Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to shout. To honor your visit, I will blow up the moon!
Dr. Gevaarlijk: Blow up the moon? But that would mean--
Doofenshmirtz: Yes! No more stupid songs about moons.
Dr. Gevaarlijk: (to the camera) I do despise moon-related songs. (to Doofenshmirtz) Continue.
Doofenshmirtz: It takes a lot of power, so I can only fire it once, but don't worry. (Leans on his ray) I have it planned down to the last-- (The ray is pushed downward. It fires a laser and it hits a dam. The water starts flowing from the dam) (While looking through binoculars) Oops! (Chuckles) No more songs about dams?
Dr. Gevaarlijk: Oh, but I like a good toe-tapping dam song.

(cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated)
Doofenshmirtz: (Depressed) Oh, Dr. Gevaarlijk, today was supposed to be the day that I impressed you (Walks away) with the enormity of my evil schemes and finally earn your respect.
Dr. Gevaarlijk: Oh Heinz. Evil doesn't always have to be on a big scale. You can spread evil in the little things you do everyday.
Doofenshmirtz: (Touched) You're right.
Dr. Gevaarlijk: (Walks to Doof) But sadly, you can't even do that! You're a total failure! You sicken me, Heinz Doofenshmirtz! (Walks away) Gevaarlijk out! (Slams door)
Doofenshmirtz: Wow. That could have gone better. (Perry walks up) Oh, there you are, Perry the Platypus. Oh, you... You saw that, huh? Yes. Of course. (Pause) You think I'm evil, right? (Perry smiles) Thank you, Perry the Platypus. (Camera pans to Perry and him looking at the moon) Thank you.

(Song: "Impress My Professor")'
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I... must... impress my professor to be a success ♪
Singers: (At the same time) ♪ He... must... impress his professor to be a success ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Or I will still be a flunky, a diploma-less monkey ♪
Singers: (At the same time) ♪ Or he will still be a flunky, a diploma-less monkey ♪
All: ♪ In the eyes of this person ♪
♪ Whose opinion may worsen ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ If my evil invention's not great ♪

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I must impress my professor ♪
Singers: ♪ Impress his professor ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I must impress my professor ♪
Singers: ♪ Impress his professor ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I must impress my professor ♪
All: ♪ Before it's too late! ♪

Doofelations Season 1:42 | Out of Toon

(Scene shifts to the backyard. An entrance opens without warning and Perry falls into a hole. Inside the chute, he reverts to agent mode then puts on his fedora. He soon enters his lair.)
Major Monogram: Morning, Agent P. I apologize for using the emergency chute and, uh, for not telling you we had an emergency chute. But there was an emergency. Shoot! (Laughs) Sorry. (Clears throat) What I'm about to say is highly classified, Agent P. The last century, the forces of good and evil have been locked in a desperate race to harness and control the limitless power of dance.
Carl: Dance! How was that, sir?
Major Monogram: You came in a little late there, Carl. Get back over there. We'll try it again. (Clears throat) Blah, blah, blah, the power of dance.
Carl: Dance! Better?
Major Monogram: Early. Anyhoo, much to our horror, it appears the side of evil has won. Have you seen the latest issue of Evil Beat! magazine? Dr. Doofenshmirtz has created a ray that causes people to dance uncontrollably. It's up to you to stop him, Agent P. But be careful. It's a known fact that no one - no one - has ever defeated evil while dancing. Good luck, Agent P.

(Song: Ready for the Bettys)
♪ Best thing... ♪
Doofenshmirtz: (Singing along) ♪ ...You can do ♪
♪ Better be ready, 'cause The Bettys are ready for YOU! ♪
(Traps Perry with his leg warmer)
(Laughs maniacally) Something tells me that you might have seen this month's Evil Beat! magazine, eh? Wait, wait, wait. Look. It's like there's two of me. You see? Hmm? Huh? I suppose you're wondering how I harnessed the power of dance. Well, to be honest, it was not so much on purpose. What happened was my dryer broke, so I was trying to create a ray that would instantly dry my clothes. But instead, well, look.
(Bouncy music)
Still sopping wet, by the way. Turns out anything I hit with the ray starts dancing. For instance, a dryer repairman.
Dryer Repairman: Help! I can't stop getting down! Ohh!
Doofenshmirtz: Quiet, you.
Dryer Repairman: Ah, sweet, horrible self-expression through movement!
Doofenshmirtz: So I figured as long as I invented the thing, I might as well use it to whip up a little evil.
(Perry chomps on leg warmer while Doofenshmirtz is talking)
I set it up right over there next to the– Ow! (Crashes through magazine cover; Ray charges up) Hey, you know, it cost me a lot to have that printed up! Oh! (Laser fires; Song: Aloha Oe) To add insult to injury, the platypus is leading.

(Scene shifts to D.E.I.)
(Music continues)
(Doofenshmirtz kicks Perry, swinging by the ray, firing a laser hitting a mirror, causing it to dance)

(Back at D.E.I.)
(Bouncy music)
Doofenshmirtz: You know, I'm getting pretty good at getting down. What do you think, huh? After all, everyone knows dancing is evil! Perry the Platypus, what are you doing? Stop with the conga line. We're doing the Macarena. Perry the Platypus, where are you going?
(-inator whirring; falls off the balcony)
I don't believe it! You defeated evil while dancing! Curse you, Perry the Platypus.
(-inator fires a ray; explodes)

Doofelations Season 1:43 | Hail Doofania!

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Look at this, Norm. My brother Roger has been elected mayor! Look at him. He's honest and reputable and, ugh, law-abiding! Oh! There isn't room for both of us in the Tri-State Area! Hmm. Norm, I know what we're going to do today.

(Flynn-Fletcher home; in the kitchen)
Isabella: Hey, Phineas. Whatcha eatin'?
Phineas: Fruity Rainbow Flakes. You want some?
Isabella: Oh, no, thanks. I already had breakfast. (Picks up the cereal box) You know, I've never really seen one of these in real life.
Phineas: You haven't?
Isabella: No, but I'd sure like to.
Phineas: Ferb, I know what we're gonna do today.
(Linda comes in through the kitchen door holding Perry, who has an Elizabethan collar around his neck.)
Linda: Hi, boys.
Phineas: Hi, Mom. What's with the satellite dish?
Linda: It's a protective collar. The vet says that Perry needs to wear it for the rest of the day.
(Perry chatters, the collar making it sound echoey.)
Linda: I still don't know how he scratched himself up so much.
(Flashback. Doofenshmitz and Perry are on the edge of a building during a battle. Doofenshmirtz suddenly thrashes an umbrella at Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: Aha!
(Perry loses his balance then falls into a sandpaper factory. The sandpaper manages to shred some of his fur off.)
(Flashback ends)
Phineas: Well, I think it's cool.
Linda: It's a bold fashion statement, all right.
Phineas: Speaking of bold fashion statements, have you seen Candace today?
Candace: (offscreen) MOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!
(Scene shifts to the living room. Candace is wearing Vanessa's clothes.)
Candace: This is a total disaster!
Linda: What? What?
Candace: The dry cleaner switched my clothes with some Goth chick! I look like a total freak like I'm all outsider-y.
Phineas: I wonder what happened to Candace's clothes.

(At D.E.I.)
Vanessa: (Is on her cell phone wearing Candace's clothes) I can't believe it, Lacie. I look like a walking candy cane. I mean, how many evil scientists' daughters do you know who-- (She bears drilling from outside.) Hold on, Lacie. I can't hear myself gripe.
Doofenshmirtz: (Chuckling/humming)
Norm: What'cha doooin'?
Doofenshmirtz: "What'cha doin'?" What does it look like to you? I'm building an evil empire. My very own Fortress of Eviltude.
Norm: Aren't you a little old to be building a fort?
Doofenshmirtz: No, no, I'm not. Shut up.
Vanessa: Dad, I told you a hundred times, I –
(Drilling resumes)
Norm: Don't forget, Friday is cake day.
Vanessa: I have to call you back. (Closes cell phone) What on Earth is going on here?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, Vanessa! Well, you're looking... uh... Oh, no matter. Where we are going, you can dress up like a clown every day if you want.
Vanessa: Wh-What do you mean, "Where we're going"?
Doofenshmirtz: We are moving... to a golden country on the sea, a country created by the greatest mastermind of our time, me. Assisted by Norm.
Norm: I'm drilling.
Doofenshmirtz: I bring to you... Doofania! Where there will be no brothers trying to make me look bad. No. I will be the ruler of my very own evil empire!
Vanessa: You're building your own evil land?
Doofenshmirtz: Yes, yes, an evil country.
Vanessa: And you made a plush model?
Doofenshmirtz: Well, yeah. You know, I, uh... I had a lot of... felt.
Vanessa: You do know what this means.
Doofenshmirtz: That we'll finally have that special daddy-daughter bond you've always craved?
Vanessa: No. It means I am finally gonna have proof. Ha! You are busted.
♪ Busted! ♪
Vanessa: I'm gonna tell Mom.
Doofenshmirtz: Great. Tell her what?
Vanessa: (On her cell phone) Mom, Mom, you've got to come quick. There's proof that Dad is evil.
Charlene: Vanessa, honey, I'm having my me-eeee day, remember?
Vanessa: Uh, but –
Charlene: Look, hon, why don't you give your old dad a break? Just try to make the best of it, and I'll pick you up later. (Ring) Oh! Time for my seaweed mud wrap. Gotta go.
(Beep)

(At the docks)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, Norm, I've got to give it to you. Under my genius supervision, you turned out extremely adequate work.
Norm: We're all very impressed with your numbers, sir.
Doofenshmirtz: Although something seems to be missing. I know, it's Perry the Platypus!

(Scene shifts back to the docks)
Doofenshmirtz: What's keeping him? Gee, I hope something horrible happened to him.
(Pause)
Norm: Does someone need a hug?
Doofenshmirtz: Of course not, you glorified waffle iron! Just launch it now.

Vanessa: (Talking on her cell phone) Mom, I'm at the docks. You gotta get down here right away.
Charlene: (Muffled) Okay, honey. I'll see you at FEH.
Vanessa: You'll see me at 5:00?
Charlene: No. FEH.
Vanessa: 4:00?
Charlene: FEH.
Vanessa: "Feh"?
Charlene: Yeah. FEH.
Vanessa: (Confused) Okay...I'll see you at "feh".
(Beep)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, hi, Vanessa! What do you think? My own country, eh?
Norm: I love what you've done with the place.
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah. Yeah, I think it's nice.

(At the docks)
Doofenshmirtz: All right, Norm, the anthem, please!
(Whirring)
(Song: "Hail Doofania!")
♪ In the bay off the coast of the Tri-State area ♪
♪ Floats a country for me and me ♪
♪ It's new, it's bright ♪
♪ And it's founded on spite ♪
♪ And it's everything I dreamed it would be ♪
♪ Hail, Hail Doofania! ♪
(Record needle crackling)
Doofenshmirtz: D-Does it feel like it stops too quickly? Eh... We'll work on it.
(Horn honks)
Vanessa: Oh, good, Mom's here! Mom, where have you been?
Charlene: I told you on the phone I would meet you at FEH, the Freight Emergency Harbor?
(Ship horn blows)
Vanessa: Okay, never mind that, but Dad and Norm built an entire country on the sea. Come on!

(Air whistling)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, that can't be... good. (The Structures of Doofania tip over and sink into the ocean's surface)
Vanessa: See? You see? Look, look.
Charlene: I do see it. What a cute little city! Oh, and it's soft! (At Doofenshmirtz) Heinz, you made this plush model?
Doofenshmirtz: I had a lot of felt!
Charlene: Well, at least it holds together. (Squeaking) Remember that dining set you tried to build for our apartment?
Doofenshmirtz: It's hard to forget when you keep reminding me.
Vanessa: But-- but-- but...
Charlene: Oh, come on, Vanessa. I think we need to get you out of the sun.
Norm: Who's up for a game of lawn darts?
Doofenshmirtz: I'd prefer to play hide-and-seek because I don't want to see you.
Norm: Ouch.

(In the backyard)
(Perry sighs)
(Charges at the entrance, but clangs and vibrates to Phineas, Ferb, and Isabella)
(Perry hits the self destruct button, beeping noises, and the inator poofs away.)
Ferb: You know, in retrospect, I question the inclusion of a self-destruct button in the first place.
(A butterfly floats into Perry's collar; Perry sneezes, and the butterfly flies out.)
Phineas: (said in the same manner as Doofenshmirtz) Bless you, Perry the Platypus!

(At the docks)
Doofenshmirtz: 8...9...10! Ready or not, here I come! (Takes hands away; sees Norm hiding behind a pole, which is revealing) What? Oh! No, no, no! It's called hide-and-seek! You hide, and I seek. I cannot seek if you don't hide. So you go hide yourself. Ignoramus. Go, go, go. Let's - Let's try this again. (Recovers eyes) One, two, three...ten! (looks over at the crates) Now, where is he?
Norm: (waves behind the crates) I'm right here, sir!
Doofenshmirtz: (facepalms; notices Perry) Oh, there you are, Perry the Platypus. (At Norm) Hey, Norm, look who decided to show up!
(Pause)

(Song: "Hail Doofania!")
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ There's a bright, shiny place ♪
♪ With a flag that bears my face ♪
♪ And it's floating on an inner tube ♪
♪ Far away from city life, my stupid brother and ex-wife ♪
♪ And it's got an evil attitude ♪
♪ Hail, Hail Doofania! ♪
(Record needle crackling)
You know, the stopping is still bothering me.

Doofelations Season 1:44 | Out to Launch

Major Monogram: Agent P, afraid I have terrible news. It's Doofenshmirtz. He's built a space station, and due to budget cuts, we have no way of getting you into space. Now, I've contacted the president, and... Agent P, are you in space? Nice work. You are always one step ahead. Your mission is to find Doofenshmirtz and stop him, Agent P.
♪ Perry! ♪
Monogram: (Floating in space) Agent P? Agent P?

(Perry gets sucked into a a spaceship designed as a robot torso)
Doofenshmirtz: I can't believe it's Perry the Platypus. (He traps Perry in an ice cube tray) Hohohohoho Perry the Platypus, what are you doing here? I thought you guys were having budget cuts. Well, it just shows to go ya. Hey, let's walk and talk. So, you're probably wondering why my space station has two enormous arms. Well, what you should be wondering is why it has two giant hands! Ha ha ha ha!
Doofenshmirtz: (Flashing back) See, during my teen years, I was very adept at hand shadows. It was great for entertaining at parties, and for meeting Fräuleins. But then one day, there was a new puppeteer in town. His name was Hans, and his hands were huge. We called him "Huge Hands Hans". His puppetry was garbage, but unfortunately, it was good enough for my Fräulein. I lost her to a boy with bigger fingers, and I never did a shadow puppet again.
Doofenshmirtz: Until tonight! (He laughs) And when the sun rises in one hour; see, right over there; Then everyone in the Tri-State Area will see my enormous hand shadows on the moon!

Doofenshmirtz: Soon, Perry the Platypus, the sun will be at full strength, and my plan will come to fruition. Unless, of course, it's overcast... (An alarm begins beeping) Eh, but what are you going to do? Proximity alert? Why are there so many people in space? What's up with that?

Isabella: You need another jump-start? Candace, didn't you have the engine running when we were talking on the videophone?
Candace: Am I the only person who doesn't know this?
Phineas: So, any suggestions, Isabella?
Isabella: Sensors are indicating a massive power source in your area.
Phineas: Where? I don't see it. (Doofenshmirtz's ship rises behind Phineas, Ferb, and Candace's) Wait a minute. I see it. It's Mom's car! We're saved! Ferb, toss me the starter remote. (Ferb shrugs) Ooh, that's right. We left it at home.
Candace: What's a starter remote?
Phineas: Well, legally we're too young to start a car. We get away with it by using a starter remote. But you, Candace, have your learner's permit. Looks like you'll be doing the jump-starting.
Candace: What? Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Can't you guys just find some old nuts and bolts lying around and jerry-rig up some kind of machiney-deely-bob and get us out of this situation?
Ferb: Candace, we are just kids.
Candace: ( She groans) Why am I arguing this? Hand me the suit.
(Candace get's into the suit)
Phineas: Let me turn on the oxygen.
(Oxygen flows into Candace's suit, inflating her rear-end)
Candace: Does this suit make my butt look big?
Phineas: Yes. Yes, it does. Maybe I had the pressure up too high.
Candace: Never mind. I'll fix it. (She backs up, and transfers the inflation to her hands) Well, I guess this is preferable.
Phineas: You can do this, Candace.
Candace: I can do this. I can do this. I can do this. I can't do this. I can't do this.

Doofenshmirtz: (Watching) What is this? Now, why would an astronaut wear such big gloves? Wait a second! (He gasps) Huge Hands Hans?! It's Huge Hands Hans! He found me out in space! Oh, you're not going to steal a job from me this time, Huge Hands Hans! Nor my Fräuleins!

Doofenshmirtz: No! Huge Hands Hans is getting away! Not this time, freak fingers!
(Doofenshmirtz chases after them) Just you wait, Huge Hands Hans! You can run, but you can't hide! You know, he can run, but he can't– (Perry's ice tray smacks Doofenshmirtz across the face) Ow! Wait a second. How did you--? Oh, I see. That's it— (Perry, with the remote control launches back at Doofenshmirtz, making his togune stuck to the ice) That's not fair!..(Doofenshmirtz lets go and tice shatters, knocking him out and letting Perry free) Oh, that's it, It's on now!
(As Perry and Doofenshmirtz fight, the arms of the robot swing, matching Doofenshmirtz's movements)

(Doofenshmirtz's ship gets hit by some of the meteorites, punching through the wall of the ship. Perry escapes out of a hole, as a large asteroid moves to strike the ship)
Doofenshmirtz: That's it! Run away, Perry the Scaredy– Oof. (With his face puffed up from exposure to the vacuum of space) Oh, I think I need to put on my spacesuit. Uh oh.
(The asteroid strike Doofenshmirtz's ship)

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, curse this tin can! Ugh, I'm going to need a jump-start! (Phineas and Ferb;s rocket crashes into Doofenshmirtz's, causing it to begin to fall towards earth) I, uh, no, I guess it won't help now.

(Song: Let's Take A Rocketship To Space)
Jeremy: Hey, Candace, look.
Candace: A shooting star, just for us.
♪ Let's take a rock ship, a crazy three-stage rocket ship, ♪
♪ Let's Take A Rocketship To Space! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: (Screaming) Curse you, Perry the Platypus! And you too, Huge Hands Hans!
Voice: It's the final frontier, baby.

Doofelations Season 1:45 | Phineas and Ferb Get Busted!

Jeremy: (points to something) Look!
(Suddenly, the ground cracks and giant robot spider legs pop out of the ground which make the guard dogs run away. The giant robot spider comes out and everyone gasps in shock. We see Perry and Dr. Doofenshmirtz battling on the giant robot spider. Perry takes off his fedora and smiles. Candace and her brothers are dumbfounded.)
Candace: (confused) Perry has a hat?
(Perry turns the switch and the giant robot spider dig into the ground.)

Dr. Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, Perry the Platypus!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (The giant robot spider's leg knocks Sergeant off the cliff.)
Sergeant: (screams) La la la, la la la la, la la la la, la la la - (thud)
Candace: Do you think he'll be... (Phineas and Ferb are juggling five corn dogs)

Doofelations Season 1:46 | Unfair Science Fair

(Flynn-Fletcher house; interior)
♪ Do-be-do-be-do... ♪
(Record scratching)
(In Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: Oh, uh...Agent P. (Clears throat) It appears that Doofenshmirtz has made some rather unusual purchases. Chicken wire, three metric tons of baking soda and lederhosen. You know those leather bib-front shorts that make you look like a walking cuckoo clock? (Pauses) Man, he is one sick puppy.

(Scene switches to Doofenshmirtz driving a truck into the parking garage... with Perry following him on a jet pack.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, Perry the Platypus, welcome to my truck of doom. (Stops truck; Pushes a button)
(Perry gets trapped in a car seat)
Doofenshmirtz: I suppose you're wondering why I'm wearing lederhosen. (Pauses; Perry glares at him) What? I've the legs for it! (Stretches right leg on dashboard) Eh? Eh? Eh? (Lowers right leg) Anyway, it will all become clear soon enough!
Woman: (Growling, low-voice) Come on, Hansel! Move it!
(Honking)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, wise guy, I'm just explaining... Oh! (Chuckling) Sorry, madam. Sorry. (To Perry) Her voice was so masculine and growly. I thought it was a man.
(A woman appears with a scowl on her face.)
Doofenshmirtz: I mean, people must call her "sir" all the time on the phone. It must be so em... (Laughs) She's standing right behind me now, isn't she?
(The woman raises a fist; the screen goes black; she punches Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Not one word, Perry the Platypus.

(Scene switches to a close-up view of the Googolplex Mall sign...)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, great! A line! (At a boy) Oh, brother! What is this, a model of Pluto? (Laughs) That planet doesn't even exist anymore, you moron!
Male teen: Thanks for holding my spot in line, little brother. (To Doofenshmirtz) What were you saying about Pluto?
Doofenshmirtz: Nothing. I'm sure it's...
(The screen goes black again)
Doofenshmirtz: (Groans; pulls model of Pluto off his head) I suppose you are wondering why I am putting myself through all of this.
(Flashback)
(Voice over) When I was young, I entered a science fair with my very first Inator. I-- I wasn't very clever with names yet. It was just, you know, Inator. Just as I was about to demonstrate my invention to the judges, a kid with a baking soda volcano stole the show! The next year, I tried again with my even bigger Inator. And again, my thunder was stolen by a baking soda volcano! I had enough of science. I decided to devote my life to poetry instead.
Young Adult Doofenshmirtz: The movies are gray, the TV is black, the horses are running, please bring me some food.
Doofenshmirtz: (Voice over) Yet, curiously, I still lost to a baking soda volcano!
(Flashback ends)
But never again! Behold! (Removes tarp) The world's largest baking soda volcano! I mean, it's got to be the biggest one here, right? It's gonna win. (Pauses) I feel confident.
Elderly man: Next?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, we're next.
Elderly man: Aren't you a little old to be entering this science fair?
Doofenshmirtz: No! What makes you say that? I mean, look at me! I'm wearing lederhosen!
Elderly man: (Pauses) Okay. Go ahead.
Doofenshmirtz: (Chuckles; to Perry) See? I know what I'm doing.
(Perry glares)

(Scene switches to Doofenshmirtz standing by the world's largest baking soda volcano)
Doofenshmirtz: Soon I will show them the havoc created when an acid and a base combine! (Laughs; dramatic music) But first I have to find an outlet 'cause there's a nice laser show that goes along with it. We'll take this out and put mine in. (Chuckles) Hello!

Doofenshmirtz: Now just add some vinegar and... (Perry lands on his head; he screams)

Doofenshmirtz: Ew, gross! I smell like...salad. (Mumbling; slips on vinegar; lands in the volcano, which then "erupts") Say goodbye to this pair of lederhosen. Hey, I'm unhurt! Yes, I am invincible! Wait, wait, wait, wait! Where am I going?
Judge #1: All right, so what was it you wanted to show us?
Mr. McGillicuddy: (Stuttering) No! It was here!
Judge #1: Come on, let's go find a real winner.
Mr. McGillicuddy: But... But... But...
Girl: Excuse me, am I too late to enter?
Judge #1: Are those mechanical arms?
Girl: Why, yes. I used them to make this baking soda volcano.
Judge #1: (Gasps) A baking soda volcano? Cool! 1st prize!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, come on!
Mr. McGillicuddy: But...
(Back in the kitchen...)

Doofelations Season 1:47 | Unfair Science Fair Redux (Another Story)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪
(Perry uses a rope to climb up the building, then uses a laser to get into Doofenshmirtz's apartment. While he goes into a fighting stance, the camera pans to Doofenshmirtz, who's coloring on a blueprint)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, what's up? Oh, are you here to...? Oh, no, no. I'm running a little behind. I'm still in the middle of basic plotting and scheming. Plus, I-I...can't give you my evil scheme monologue because I write that last. Sorry! That's just how I roll.
(Perry's about to leave, when Doofenshmirtz stops him)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, wait! Why don't you help me? That way I can finish faster and you can defeat me faster. It's win-win! Let me grab my coupons. We'll start by shopping for some supplies.

(Scene switches to a supermarket)
Doofenshmirtz: (While pushing a shopping cart) Okay, I've already got the chicken wire. Let's see. Oh, here! (Hands a list to Perry, who's sitting in the child's seat) You-you...take the list and cross things off as we go. Should we get something for later, like...like...one of those big pickles or a three-bean salad? (he bumps the shopping cart against another one)
(The camera pans out to reveal the other shopping cart is being pushing by Monogram with Carl in the child's seat. Awkward pause then Monogram backs away.)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, that was awkward.

(Scene switches to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, thanks for your help. I usually hate shopping, but, you know. You make it fun.
(Perry, looking tired and cranky, points at something)
Doofenshmirtz: What, that? Oh, that's my first Inator. Good story. I'll tell you all about it tomorrow. Well, I should probably get back to my latest evil scheme! (Slams door with a foot) So long...sucker!

(Scene switches to Doofenshmirtz standing by his first Inator)
Doofenshmirtz: You know, I don't even remember what this does. (He pushes a button on the Inator, and a green beam shoots out of it) Oh, that's right, it just shoots a beam into space. No wonder why I lost to a baking soda volcano.

(Scene switches to the backyard)
Candace: Phineas and Ferb built this portal to Mars. I went through it and was crowned queen of the Martians. Now I know it sounds crazy, but this time, I have proof.
(She looks through the telescope and it eventually zooms in to an in-graving of her head)
Candace: Who does that look like?
(The beam from Doofenshmirtz's first Inator hits Mars)
Linda: (while looking through the telescope) Hmm. Well, it looks a little like a rhesus monkey wearing a powdered wig.
Candace: What? Let me see that.
(She looks through it again and sure enough, the in-graving has changed)
Candace: (Stuttering)

(Caption: 24 Hours Later)
Doofenshmirtz: I am invincible! Wait, wait, wait, wait! Where are we going?
(He and the portal vanishes with a poof of smoke)
Doofenshmirtz: (Groaning) Where am I? (The Martians surrounds him) Okay. Be cool, okay? (Notices the crown) What? Oh, you're going to make me your king? Well, ok, if you must. (Stuttering) What?
(A Martian places a crown on a baking soda volcano)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, come on!

Doofelations Season 2:48 | The Lake Nose Monster

♪ Go and get your mission ♪
♪ Your mission, your mission ♪
♪ A brand-new mission ♪
♪ We can't wait to see! ♪
Wrist communicator: Log out.
(At the lair)
(Perry exits the log)
Carl: Exit to your left, Agent P.
Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P. I hope you enjoyed Lair Entrance: The Ride. The agency wanted to make coming into work more exciting. It was either that or a huge bonus check.
(Perry frowns)
Major Monogram: Well, in focus group tests, 6-year-olds overwhelming preferred singing animals to a piece of paper with numbers on it, so I-- (Clears throat) Anyway, your mission: We've tracked Dr. Doofenshmirtz here to Lake Nose where we intercepted part of this phone call.
(Monitor switches to the phone call)
Operator: I'm sorry, sir. We do not deliver our hot wings to the bottom of a lake.
Doofenshmirtz: Aw come on! I'll tip 15%!
(Screen switches back to Major Monogram)
Major Monogram: Our analysts agree: Evil, chicken wings, underwater, 15%. It's a recipe for disaster. It's up to you to stop him, Agent P.
(Perry salutes)

(Underwater, Doofenshmirtz's submarine is seen. Inside the cab the doorbell (Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! jingle) rings)
Doofenshmirtz: Hmm?
(The handle rotates and the door opens)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? (Chuckles) Thank goodness, I-- I thought you were the guy with my hot wings. In two more minutes, my order will be free! Yes!
(Perry pulls out Doof's hot wings out of his backpack)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh for crying out loud! (Takes the hot wings) Fine. Okay, what was that? 15 bucks? All right, here's 10, 11, I got more here. Hold on. 1, 2, 3, 4, there! $15! And don't forget your tip! (Presses a button on the steering wheel, activating a diving helmet trap. He chuckles) Pretty good, huh? (Camera zooms out) So, Perry the Platypus... (Bites off a hot wing) I bet you're wondering why I'm sitting down here at the bottom of a lake. Well, the answer is simple. Mmm-mmm! This is really good, man. You want some? (Takes a box with the red wings) Here, here. (Perry takes a hot wing) Take the blue cheese. (Perry takes the blue cheese and pours it on the red wing) Do you know, I-- I prefer the ranch. Take the blue cheese. (Perry bite the red wing, and Doof holds up a napkin) Here's a napkin. (Perry takes the napkin) Anyway, the answer why I'm here is simple. Zinc. Lake Nose has a ton of zinc, and this machine goes around and filters all the zinc from the water. (Camera zooms out, showing a zinc tank) See, see? Zinc! So I figured I'd go around collecting all the zinc, and then use that zinc in some evil way to rule the world! You know, with zinc. Just think of the evil uses that off with zinc! (Pause. He looks around) I mean, seriously, can you think of some? Cause I got nothing. (Walks to a chart) I mean, look at here with all the good uses for zinc. Huh? All this good stuff, and over here? Nothing. All I got is "Some evil "Zinc Ray-Inator" or something, and, and look here! I wrote "Big laundry". I-- I don't even remember what the reason was, so I assumed I remembered some big genius Idea. Big laundry. (Deep voice) Big laundry. (Normal voice) I, it—It's crazy! I'm a crazy person.

(Speaking of which, cut to Perry who is watching Doof enjoy his hot wings.)
Doofenshmirtz: Mmmm... Ooh, wow! (chuckles) Time out, man, I need a breather. (He falls to the floor on his back) Oh! I wish I didn't eat the hot and spicy right after the honey glazed. Speaking of wishes, you know what I never understood? Genies. They tell you to wish for anything you want and then they add some terrible twist. Like you-you wish to jump high, so he turns you into a frog. What—? Why? Who gains from this? The genie? I— Where's the benefit? (Perry gets out a device to make his escape.) You should be fighting genies, man, not me. I'm not the problem. Genies. Genies are the problem. (gasp) I got it! (Perry stops cutting through the bars and Doof sits up) Zinc foil! (Pause as Doof lies back down) Eh, not really evil, is it?

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz's underwater lair, which begins to wheel away.)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, it looks like we got all of the zinc from this area. It's time to move on to the next quadrant! "Quadrant." "Quad-rant." Quad—It's—It's a weird word when you think about it. "Quadrant." "Quad-rant." (Perry resumes filing the bars.) Quad—It's—See? Now it doesn't even sound like a word.

(Cut to Phineas and Ferb in their scuba gear in the water.)
Phineas: Hey, look! It's Nosey! (Cut to Nosey looking sad.) He doesn't look too good. (They swim up to him.)  What's the matter, boy? (Nosey groans. Phineas looks at his watch.) Oh, no. The zinc levels in the lake seem to be dropping. Nosey needs zinc in order to survive. (Ferb takes out the sunblock their mother gave them earlier.) Sunblock? With zinc! Good thinkin', Ferb! Here, Nosey, this'll make you feel better. (Phineas pours some sunblock onto Nosey's head. Nosey revives but then looks scared at something and swims away.) Where do you suppose he's going? (The ground shakes) What's that? (Doofenshmirtz's device comes up to them and sucks practically everything in its path. Phineas and Ferb hold onto a branch. Nosey returns and hits it.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, wait, w-what was that? (Perry jumps out of the scuba mask and the bars drop off.) Huh? You were trying to escape?! After I shared my wings with you! Well, granted,  I did trap you like a monkey— (Perry punches him.)

(Cut to Doof and Perry having it out.)
Doofenshmirtz: I've got you now, Perry the Platyp— (He trips on a wing. The lair rams into the submarine and the boat begins speeding.)
Lawrence: Oho!  There was simply no way we could get through the entire petting zoo—
(Cut back to Doof and Perry. Perry looks up and sees the boat.)
Doofenshmirtz: Heh, any day now. Hey, where are you going?! (Perry goes into the bathroom and slams the door.) Oh—Oh, I see. (The toilet is heard flushing) That's—That's the hot wings working there. Ha ha ha. (A knocking is heard. Pan left to reveal Perry outside the lair.) Hey, how did you—?! Oh, you got out through the—I—I see.
(Perry makes his way up while Lawrence is continuing his story indistinctly.)
♪ Agent P! ♪
Lawrence: So, anyway, there I was, four hours from the nearest dental supply store...
(Perry chatters)
Lawrence and Phineas: Oh, there you are, Perry!

(Open up on Doof still in the lair.)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, looks like I'm stuck down here. Guess I'll have time to figure out what "big laundry" mea—Oh. (sees a huge pile of dirty clothes) Oh, that's right. It's Tuesday. (gasps) I know! (runs to the bathroom) I can get out the same way Perry the Platypus did! (Toilet is heard flushing and water comes out from under the door.) Oh! Oh! Oh, that didn't work at all! Oh, now I really gotta do the laundry!

Doofelations Season 2:49 | Interview With a Platypus

(Perry slides down a tube and lands on his chair. Inside the lair, the lights go up and down as electricity fizzes in the background)
Major Monogram: Ah, there you are, Agent P. Sorry about the lights. We're using an alternative energy source, and haven't got it working smoothly yet. I decided it was high time our operation went green. All right, assignment, assignment. Oh, let's see... We're saving paper by printing on the same one over and over again, so... Uh, sorry for the life on me. (Turns the paper, showing black ink all over it) I can't make this out. Hmm... Well, I'm sure it says something about Doofenshmirtz. Go get him!
(Perry salutes and leaves)
Major Monogram: (Gets up and walks off-screen) For crying out loud, Carl, (Carl is seen pedaling the generator, panting) pedal faster. I gotta check my E-mail.

♪ Doofenshmirtz out in the forest! ♪

(Perry snaps a stick on the ground. Doofenshmirtz turns around)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? Don't be shy, It's just me. Come here. (A cage falls) (Laughs) You like my new cage? I got it from a second-hand shark supply store. It was half off, because you know, something bit half of it off. So, here's my evil plan: With this remote, I will open the Danville Dam, flooding all the streets and creating beautiful waterways! Like the canals in Venice, Italy! (Italian music plays) Or to a lesser extent, Venice, California. (Surf rock music plays) But how will people get around? They will have to buy my latest invention! It's like a car, but it can drive on the surface of water. (Pulls the tarp) Behold! You like it? I call it the Buoyancy Operated Aquatic Transport, or BO-AT for short. Everyone will want one.

Doofenshmirtz: Now, Perry the Platypus, with a push of this button, we will move out of the automobile age, and USHER IN THE AGE OF THE BO-AT! I'm driving on water! Look at me! I'm BO-AT-ing! Woo-hoo! Living the dream! Perry the Platypus? How did-- I always forget you are a semi-aquatic mammal. (Perry kicks Doofenshmirtz in the face)

(Perry kicks Doofenshmirtz in the face)
Doofenshmirtz: Aah!
(Perry the Platypus Theme instrumental)
Doofenshmirtz: No! Don't open the Metropolitan Oval Aquatic Trench! (moat opens up) No, no, no, no, no, no! Hey, look! It spells "MOAT". I never noticed that before. Curse you, Perry the Platypus!

Doofelations Season 2:50 | Tip of the Day

Phineas: Gosh, Ferb. That seems like a great injustice, huh.
(At Baljeet) Oh well, thanks Baljeet.

Lawrence: Okay. A-G-L-E-T. Brilliant!
Linda: Oh, hi boys.
Phineas: Aglet, Mom.
Linda: Aglet you too, Phineas.
Phineas: No, Mom. The shoelace tip - It's an aglet.
Linda: How interesting!
Phineas: Yeah! Nobody seems to know the word. I wonder why?
Candace: (offscreen) I'll tell you why! (walks up] Because...it doesn't matter! You can live a long, happy life without knowing the tip of the shoelace is called a... (pauses)
Phineas: Aglet -- ?
Candace: It doesn't matter! (leaves)
Phineas: Ferb, I know what we're gonna do today!
Lawrence: Oh, look at this, honey. 27, across, 5 letters; "Where's blank?"

(Agent P is in his lair)
Major Monogram: Agent P, Doofenshmirtz has crippled the entire worldwide internet by spreading a so-called viral video over the whole planet. Watch carefully, Agent P. What you're about to see may be the masterstroke of an evil genius which distracted us with smaller schemes while secretly moving us into checkmate.
(Video/Techno music starts)
Doofenshmirtz: I am a superstar!
(Grunting, falls into toilet; Toilet flushes) It won't stop flushing!
(Agent P stares wide-eyed for a moment, then smiles, trying not to laugh)
Major Monogram: Agent P! This is no laughing matter. We need you to find out what he's up to and stop him. Behind you, rising dramatically from the floor, is a new, high-tech device. It's called a Universal Delete Button. It can delete any file on the internet from every computer on the planet.
Carl: (Laughs) "It won't stop flushing!" (laughs)
Major Monogram: Carl, I told you. There's nothing funny about a man in his underwear skating into a toilet.
Carl: Of course, sir.
Major Monogram: Now, limericks. Limericks are funny.

(Cut to the backyard)
Phineas: The reason we called you all here today is to raise awareness for the aglet.
Isabella: What's an aglet?
Phineas: Ferb, enlighten us.
(Lyrical music plays as Ferb pulls down a chart of himself)
Phineas: The aglet.
Isabella: Oh, that's what it's called!
Phineas: Our goal is to bring the plight of the aglet to the world's attention.
First, we'll use these shoelaces to make chic Aglet Awareness Ribbons.
(French accent) Never forget the aglet!
Baljeet: You are going to waste a whole day promoting aglets? Who is going to care?
Buford: If you diss aglets one more time, I'll fray your head so bad, it won't fit through your shirt hole!
Baljeet: Aglets. Yay.

(Upbeat theme starts)
Phineas: Hey, Candace. The more you know about aglets, the better your life's gonna be.
Candace: No one's life will be made better knowing the whatever-you-call-it! (Walks off)
Phineas: (whispers) Aglet.
Man: (Walks up to them) Excuse me, what did you say?
Phineas: Aglet. It's that little plastic tip at the end of a shoelace.
Man: Aglet?
Girl: (Off screen) Aglet?! (Runs up) Oh, Louis, I will marry you!
Louis: Aglet.
Boss: (Runs up) The promotion's you mentioned!
Louis: Aglet. (Poof) My hair's grown back!
Man #2: W-what's going on?
Louis: The shoelace tip! It's an aglet!
Man #2: (Gasps) I can hear!
Phineas: Well, It seems to be working. Let's take it to the next level.

(Candace and Stacy is in a store)
Stacy: Oh, oh! And the part when the guy rollerskated into the toilet! (Laughs)
Candace: Oh, that was sort of the only part, but yeah, I was dying!
Stacy: And everyone in the world saw that video.
Candace: I wish there was a viral video of me singing going around the world.
Stacy: I bet you'd become an instant star.
Candace: Yeah. An instant star.
Stacy: Yeah. You'd be bigger than aglets.
(Reveals a ribbon on her finger; Record needle scratch)
Candace: Wait, what? Why do you know that word?
Stacy: Aglets are so in right now. Look.
Candace: (Screams)
Jeremy: Hey, guys. I, uh, just wanted to come with me. (Shows his ribbon) To the big aglet concert.
Candace: (Screams)

Major Monogram: (On radio) Agent P, your halo jump is a go. Go, go, go!
Jump, and fall! Keep falling, and keep being a platypus! Visualize it, you're a falling plat-
(Perry turns off radio
Harp strumming, hissing; Suspenseful music)
Doofenshmirtz: Did you ever have an old box of junk that's been sitting in the attic forever, and you think: "I bet I could just get rid of this whole box, and my life would go on completely unaffected of the loss of whatever would be inside like, for instance, an old forgotten video tape made in high school".
Look in the box, Perry the Platypus. Always. Look. In. The box.

(Cut to the Flynn-Fletcher house)
Candace: Moooooooooooom!
Linda: Candace? What's wrong?
Candace: Phineas and Ferb are increasing public awareness of the shoelace tip thing!
Linda: Who knew people would get so worked up over aglets?
(Reveals her fingers have ribbons tied on)
(Horror theme)
Candace: NOO! (Runs to room, slams door; Knocking)
Phineas: (Muffled) Hey, Candace! Aren't you gonna come sing at the big aglet concert?
Candace: You may have infected everyone else with shoelace tip madness, but not me! They don't matter!
Phineas: Bummer. It's gonna be broadcast all over the world. You could become an instant star.
Candace: Okay, but they still don't matter!
Phineas: Uh, touché?

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, this video is ruining my life, Perry the Platypus. I- I can't even go outside my own evil lair.
Man #3: Hey, look! It's that idiot from the video! (Laughing)
Man #4: (Laughing)
Doofenshmirtz: And that's just my kitchen. What's this? (Gasps) A Universal Delete Button? Thank you, Perry the Platypus.
(Light trap appears)
Sorry, but deleting the video from every computer in the world isn't good enough. I have to erase it from people's minds too. Behold! The Read My Mind-inator! You see, whatever I think of appears on this screen in front. See? See? If I just hook it up to your Universal Delete Button like this... Violà! Whatever I think of, I can push this button and delete it from every mind in the Tri-State Area!

(Cuts to the aglet concert)
(Song: "A-G-L-E-T")
(Crowd cheering)
Phineas: ♪ Through the eye of the needle ♪
♪ Time to loosen your tongue ♪
♪ Got a tip how to make ends meet ♪
All: ♪ A-G-L-E-T ♪
♪ Don't forget it ♪
Phineas: ♪ Get's us all up on our feet, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
All: ♪ A-G-L-E-T ♪
♪ (Aglet!) Don't forget it (X8) ♪
Phineas: ♪ We're gonna tie the world together (X4) ♪
♪ One word at a time! ♪
(Guitar)
Phineas: (On P.A) Ladies and Gentlemen, my sister, Candace Flynn!
Candace: ♪ And in the end of most important thing ♪
♪ Is that we never forget ♪
♪ The end of a shoelace is called the... ♪
The... uh... (Looks at the ribbon on her finger) Wait a minute! It doesn't matter! I can't believe I was almost sucked into this!
Phineas: I can't believe you still haven't learned the word. I mean, we spelled it a bunch of times in the song.
Man #5: Sing more songs about aglets.
Woman: Yeah. Aglets are important.

Doofenshmirtz: Now, Perry the Platypus, when I press this button, whatever I'm thinking about, whatever is on this screen right here, will be erased from every mind in the Tri-State Area. Because again, to make myself perfectly clear, when I- when I press this delete button right here, whatever I'm thinking of, which will be displayed on this screen, will be deleted from every computer and- and every mind in the entire Tri-State Area. And, uh, not to find a point on it, but people who haven't seen, or- or don't remember my video will be completely unaffected. So, you know, I'm not doing any real harm. You understand, right? Good. (Trips) Oh. Oh well, that kind of, killed the moment, didn't it? Oh, shoot. My- my shoelace is all frayed. I- I'm going to have to replace the aglet. (The video on the inator screen is replaced with an aglet.) I-I always keep extras in hand. Just- just a few. Anyway, here's mud in your eye! (Laughs maniacally)

(He presses a button on the inator which sends lightning over the tri-state area. One hits the billboard at the stadium, replacing the aglet on it with a "?". Crowd boos.)
Woman: Boo!
Candace: It! Doesn't! Matter!
(Electricity zapping)
People: What's going on?/What are we doing here?
Candace: Exactly! This whole thing is a pointless and stupid celebration of the fact that the shoelace tip is called, you know! What's it's!
(More lightning.)
Woman: Who cares?
Man #5: Yeah. I wear loafers.
Candace: What do you mean "Who cares?" lame-o? That's what this is all about! The name of the shoelace is the...
Man: Who cares?
Woman: Yeah! Let's get out of here!
Candace: Wait! Come back! (Stammers)
Phineas: I'm sorry, Candace. But I'm pretty sure you're the only one who cares about shoelaces here.
Candace: But-but-but-

Doofenshmirtz: Now I can release you and it doesn't matter. The entire world has forgotten that humiliating video of me on roller skates. And I won't be needing this anymore! (He throws the Delete From My Mind-inator on the floor, breaking it.) I'm free!
Man #3: Look! It's that idiot from the video again! (Laughs)
Man #4: Let's use mockery to keep him inside!
Doofenshmirtz: I have an ouchie. In here.

Doofelations Season 2:51 | Attack of the 50 Foot Sister

[It starts with Candace Flynn & Stacy watching from the TV screen in Candace's room in the Flynn-Fletcher house.]
(Song: Flawless Girl)
♪ You know you want to be her ♪
♪ She's a Flawless Girl (Flawless Girl) ♪
♪ All the boys say when they meet her ♪
♪ She's a Flawless Girl (Flawless Girl) ♪
♪ She's at the forefront of every trend ♪
♪ Never less than 5 foot 10 ♪
♪ And if you use our products, then ♪
♪ You can be a Flawless Girl ♪
♪ A Flawless Girl ♪
Announcer: Flawless Girl. Because nobody's perfect without using our cosmetics.
Candace: (Scoffs) I'd be so lost without Flawless Girl giving me some pointers on how to look.
Stacy: Hey, look! (Flips the magazine) It says here that Flawless Girl founder, Blanca Dishon, will be at the Mid-Summer's Festival in search of the next Flawless Girl spokes-model.
Candace: Maybe I should sign up.
(Laughs) Just out of curiosity, when is the Mid-Summer's Festival?
Stacy: Probably in the middle of summer... which is about now!

(Scene cut to the street by the house, where Mid-Summer's Festival trucks drive by and then to Phineas Flynn and Ferb Fletcher watching them)
Phineas: Oh, what do you know, it must be the middle of summer.
(Beeping sound) It's the Baljeet Signal!
(He and Ferb duck, and Baljeet's hologram appears on Phineas' device)
Baljeet: Phineas and Ferb, days ago, you helped me build a portal to Mars.
Now, I beg you to help me win the Biggest Watermelon Contest at the festival. Help me, Phineas and Ferb. You're my only hope! (Looks around and then shuts off his hologram)
Phineas: Ferb, grab that Jr. Chemistry Set you got for Bastille Day. We're going to the festival.
Hey, where's Perry?

(Scene cut to Agent P, who landed on his lair's chair with a lot of water and koi)
Major Monogram: Oh, for crying out loud! Who put a secret entrance at the bottom of the neighbors' koi pond? Okay, look-look-look. To avoid a lawsuit, give the fish hats, and we'll make them agents, and uh... Ooh, right!
Agent P, your mission. Um you, know, Doofenshmirtz! Go!

♪ (Perry)! ♪

(At the festival)
Phineas: Hey Baljeet, where's your watermelon?
Baljeet: Yeah, look at it! (He reveals a small watermelon) It mocks me, bringing shame to my family.
Phineas: Ferb, time for a little chemistry.
(Ferb walks over to an empty spot, opens his Jr. Chemistry Set and reveals a large chemistry work area)
Baljeet: Hmm. Could I borrow Ferb sometime?

(Elsewhere, Candace is walking through the festival)
Candace: Flawless Girl booth...where is it?
P. P. Otter: Hey you, girl! Don't you ever look in the mirror and end up feeling bad about yourself?
Candace: Well...
P. P. Otter: For just five dollars, you can feel good about yourself for no time!
Candace: Oh, I don't need that. I've got Flawless Girl cosmetics to make me feel good.
(Walks through the festival and sees Phineas and Ferb, who are using the chemistry set)
Phineas: ...And bada bing bada boom, you've got your miracle growth elixir.
Candace: What are you guys up to?
Phineas: Hey Candace! We're gonna help Baljeet with the Biggest Watermelon Contest.
Candace: (Pointing to the watermelon) What's that, a cantaloupe?
Baljeet: (Giving himself a facepalm) Aww!
Phineas: Not for long.
(Puts a drop of the growth elixir on the watermelon, and it hardly grows larger)
Candace: (Laughs) It worked! Your miracle growth elixir has turned you into giant nerds! (Walks away)
Baljeet: I will call my family and tell them to start putting up the shame curtains.
Phineas: No way! It hasn't taken full effect yet. You'll see.
Baljeet: Not through the shame curtains, I won't.

(At the Flawless Girl booth)
Blanca: Next!
Candace: You're Blanca Dishon! I'm Candace. I'm here to become your next Flawless Girl.
Blanca: Stand over by that sign, please. (Candace walks over to the sign and is too short, two inches away from the expected height.) Hmm. Aren't you a little short to be the next Flawless Girl?
Candace: Uh...
Blanca: Yes. Yes you are.
Candace: But I'm five-foot-eight!
Blanca: (Sigh) Look, it's right in our song:
"At the forefront of every trend.Never less than five-foot-ten."
Candace: I thought you were just looking for a rhyme.
Blanca: Nobody is perfect. But you can come close by buying our full line of Flawless Girl skin care products.
Next!

(Later, Candace, walking around with Flawless Girl cosmetics, is on her phone with Linda)
Candace: (Sobs to Mom via phone) So I can never be perfect! No matter what I do, I'll always be two inches too ugly! I need a sudden growth spurt in the next fifteen minutes.
Linda: Oh, honey, it's not bad-
Candace: (Gasp) I got it! Thanks, Mom!
Linda: Uh, you're welcome!

(Cut to Phineas, Ferb, and Baljeet with the chemistry set)
Baljeet: All this waiting is maddening. Maybe we should put some more growth elixir on it?
Phineas: Actually, it only works once. Putting more on it won't make it grow anymore.
(Candace secretly steals the growth elixir) But be patient. It's not done yet.
Candace: (Laughs and pours the growth elixir on herself to grow two inches) Yes, it worked! I feel great! If that, I feel flawless!

(Back at the Flawless Girl booth)
Blanca: It's amazing! Your height is now perfect! You're now in the running to become the next Flawless Girl.

(Cut to Phineas, Ferb, and Baljeet)
Baljeet: So... are there Fireside Boys, too?
(The watermelon starts to grow to an enormous size)
Phineas: Run!
(The watermelon destroys the chemistry set)
Baljeet: I am going to need a crane! ...And a new pair of pants.

(Candace and Stacy meet)
Stacy: There you are! So what happened?
Candace: I'm in! Auditions start in two hours! (giggles)
Stacy: Hey, is there something different about you?
Candace: Who knows? Maybe I've grown out of my awkward phase.
(Suddenly, her nose begins to grow)
Stacy: Looks like you're growing into another one.
Candace: Oh, no! I have to find a mirror!
(She zips out of the frame and goes into the House of Mirrors.)

(Inside the House of Mirrors. We see Candace's reflection, which seems to be normal.)
Candace: Oh thank goodness! I look totally normal. Oof!
Stacy: (Comes in with her reflection looking like she has a small head and a large body.) Are you okay, Candace?
Candace: Wait a second. If you look like that, wha-wha-wha—
(cut to reveal Candace's head, which is now more than twice its original size) I've turned into Bobblehead Candace!!!
(runs out) AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!!

(P.P. Otter is on the phone with someone)
P.P. Otter: No one will forego the five dollars to see my pathetic oddballs anymore. I gotta find some new talent fast.
(Candace, finding a place to hide, goes inside a tent while now wagging her now-giant tongue)
P.P. Otter: I'm gonna have to call you back, Nana.

(Bobblehead Candace is hiding inside a tent)
Candace: Phineas and Ferb. (gasps) They did this to me, they can undo it. (her body finally grows to the size of her head) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!
(Cut to outside the tent. Candace tries to sneak away. She pops her head out once to see if the coast is clear before continuing to sneak out.)

(Cut to Phineas and Ferb.)
Candace: (offscreen) Psst, Phineas.
Phineas: Yes, strange talking tent?
Candace: No, it's me, Candace.
Phineas: That's what happened to the growth elixir.
Candace: Please tell me you have some sort of shrinking antidote.
Phineas: No, but don't worry. We'll get right on it.
Candace: Someone's coming! (she sticks her head back into the tent)
P.P. Otter: Hello, boys. The name's P.P. Otter. I run the Oddball Show.
Aren't you gonna introduce me to your friend in the tent?
Phineas: Oh, that's our sister. Our... (stifles laughter) big sister.
(He and Ferb try to hold their laughter in while Candace growls) Okay, sorry.
Candace, this is P.P. (Ferb giggles)
Candace: Yeah, we've met.
P.P. Otter: (taking out a business card) How would you like to make me rich beyond your wildest dreams?
Candace: Sorry, I'm kinda going through something at the moment.
P.P. Otter: Well, if ya change your mind, give me a call. (he leaves)
Candace: Okay, guys, you gotta change me back!
The Flawless Girl auditions are in a couple of hours!

(Pan up to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated, we faintly hear the jingle)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated ♪
Doofenshmirtz: What the?! Oh, the festival's so loud I can't even hear my own evil jingle!
(turns around) Okay, guys, (cut to reveal four singers in a recording booth) take it from the top, louder!
Singer 1: A-one, two...
The Slacks: ♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incor— ♪
(The jingle is interrupted by Perry who lands on a drumset.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, what now?! (Perry dizzily emerges from behind the drums, playing a banjo off-key) A banjo-playing platypus? (Perry puts on his fedora) Perry the Banjo-Playing Platypus?!?! Uh, take five, guys. Not you, Perry the Platypus, i—if I can just have a word with you. (Perry walks into the engineer's station, where he immediately gets trapped) Ha ha ha! (the trapping device raises up to reveal Perry trapped in a baby carrier)
It's a cute little trap, isn't it? I got the idea at my cousin Gertrude's baby shower. (Perry gives him a look)
Well, don't judge me, men go to baby showers these days! It was fun. Presents, blindfolded diapering... I'm sorry, I-I'm off-topic, aren't I? It's this darn midsummer's festival! With the laughing and the music and the constant ringing on my bell to use the bathroom! (toilet flushes in the background) Well, I'm going to put an end it once and for all! You see, I have created a device to cover the entire midsummer's festival with the worst smell in the history of mankind! Dirty diapers! (Perry gives off a look of disgust and terror) And, yeah, I got all that from a baby shower. How do you like me now, Perry the Judge-ya-pus?

(Cut to Giant Candace, Phineas, and Ferb)
Candace: Can't you you just make up some kind of reducing cream? Or an amazing shrink ray device?
Phineas: Well, we'll see what we can do, but we're not magicians.
Candace: (sighs) I'm a freak! (cries) I'll never be a Flawless Girl! (Ferb takes out an umbrella to cover himself and his stepbrother from Candace's rain-like tears) There's only one place where a girl like me will fit in! The Oddball Show! It was nice knowing you boys! Tell Mom and Dad I love 'em! From now on, I'll be living amongst the carnies!
(sobs and stomps away)
(Phineas gives Ferb a look of concern.)
P.P. Otter: Excellent! Now all we need is a big promotional stunt! Here's what I got in mind: in a reversal of a familiar theme, you can climb a skyscraper carrying me dressed in this gorilla suit. (Tears away his suit revealing a gorilla costume underneath)
Candace: Um... okay... How long have you been wearing that?
P.P. Otter: All day!

(At D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: So, Perry the Platypus, (Candace is seen out the window climbing up) I found a way to distill the smell of dirty diapers into a concentrated liquid form, (He shows Perry a beaker filled with blue liquid.) which I will spread throughout the festival using my Smellinator!

(Pan up to the top of the building. Giant Candace is now on top holding Otter in the gorilla suit.)

(At the Flawless Girl tent at the festival, Blanca is holding a crown standing next to two girls.)
Blanca: And ze next Flawless Girl is... (she looks up as the two girls gasp, cut to Candace, then cut back to Blanca) Oh, zat is ze most Flawless Girl I have ever seen!

Candace: Is all this really necessary?
P.P. Otter: C'mon, kid, you can't back out now!
(Blanca appears on the balcony)
Blanca: (appears on the balcony) Candace, I've got some great news!
Candace: I can't hear you! Oh, hold on!
(She holds out her giant palm to invite Blanca onto it and raises both her and Otter)
Blanca: I said, "I've got some great news!!" You are ze next Flawless Girl! Wiz your height, girls will never be able to live up to the expectations you'll set! They'll be forced to buy my product forever!
P.P. Otter: Scram! She's my oddball!
Blanca: No! My Flawless Girl!
P.P. Otter: She's a freak!
Blanca: She's "freak"-ishly beautiful!
Candace: Wait a second! I just realized something! You both make money off of people's natural insecurities.
(to Otter) You show people oddballs so they'll feel better about themselves, (to Blanca) and you make beauty totally unobtainable so they'll feel worse about themselves! Look at me! I'm fifty feet tall now and it's still out of reach! Well, I've had it! Making beauty the focus of my life has distracted me from the real focus of my life: Busting my brothers. Giant Candace is out, PEACE!
(She jumps off the building and lands on the ground with a thud)
P.P. Otter: (seeing a beaker behind him) Growth elixir? So this is what she used!
Blanca: (grabbing it) Let me see zat!
P.P. Otter: It's my growth elixir!
Blanca: No, it's mine!
P.P. Otter: Mine!
Blanca: Mine!
(The beaker falls out of both of their hands and falls)

(Cut to Perry and Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Now watch as the smell of dirty diapers
(the growth elixir lands in his hand)
pollutes the very molecules that surround this building!
I just snap it into place and set the range for, say, 200 yards around the building.
(Perry struggles to get out of his trap)
Hear that, Perry the Platypus? That is the sound of smell! Nothing can stop me now!
(Some water pouring on him contradicts his statement. When the water stops, it is revealed that some aquatic agents have arrived. One of the fish untraps Perry, who kicks Doofenshmirtz onto the range selector.)
Uh-oh. The whole universe? Not good.
(The Smellinator activates spreading the growth elixir throughout the whole universe. Wide shot of the Earth. Zoom out revealing the entire solar system. First the planets begins to grow. Then the Earth and the Moon grow.)

(In the street, giant Candace is running back home to tell Linda, oblivious to the growing city under her.)
Candace: Mom! Mom!
(Scene shifts to inside the house where Linda is washing the dishes)
Look what Phineas and Ferb did to me. I'm fifty feet tall. I don't even fit in.... the... house. (realizing) I'm back to normal.
Linda: "Normal" being a relative term.

(Back at D.E.I. with Doofenshmirtz and Perry and one of the fish agents)
Doofenshmirtz: (sniffing) Well, doesn't smell any different. I wonder what went wrong. (Perry kicks Doofenshmitz who lands on the table carrying the dirty diaper smell beaker, which he catches) Oh, here's my stinky poo-poo stuff! I thought I put this in the Smellinator. (Perry kicks him again, throwing the formula away) NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!! (Perry puts all the fish agents in a plastic bag and makes his escape)
♪ Agent P! ♪
(The smell surrounds the entire building)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, no! (coughs) That is.... What was I thinking?

(Back at the festival with Phineas, Ferb, and Baljeet)
Phineas: So didja win the giant watermelon contest?
Baljeet: I was about to
(showing the now tiny watermelon) when this happened!
Phineas: So the watermelon shrank?
Ferb: Well, either that or everything else in the universe just got bigger.
Baljeet: C'est la vie. Shame curtains are not going to hang themselves.
(Guitar cord; cut to black)

Doofelations Season 2:52 | Backyard Aquarium

(Scene cut to Perry leaving a elevator.)
Major Monogram: Oh, Agent P, uh, pardon the newspapers, but, uh, we have a lot of new young recruits coming through here today, and, well, they aren't, uh, trained yet. Anyway, Doofenshmirtz has recently purchased the Tri-State Area's entire supply of bratwurst. Get to the bottom of it. Oh, and, uh, watch your step on the way out.

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪

(Perry bursts down the door in fighting stance. His perspective, Doofenshmirtz is sitting in a chair, but does not move. Perry poses again, but Doofenshmirtz still does not move. Perry flops over to Doofenshmirtz and poses, then presses Doofenshmirtz's nose. Still, he does not move. Perry repeatedly presses Doofenshmirtz's nose.)
Doofenshmirtz: (singsong) Yoo-hoo! Perry the Platypus!
(Doofenshmirtz activates a remote; the fake Doofenshmirtz inflates, then explodes into a rope around Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: Say hello to the Platypus Secret Agent Arrival In Order To Foil My Evil Plot Capture-inator! Or as I like to call it: my P.S.A.A.I.O.T.F.M.E.P.C.-inator. I made it up myself. Enough chit-chat! Let me tell you my latest evil scheme. You see, back before I was evil, I was something a little less than evil. I was a bratwurst street vendor.
(Flashback of a younger Doofenshmirtz with a mobile bratwurst stand.)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Quality Bratwurst ♪ (cymbal crash)
(End flashback; Doofenshmirtz is smiling. Perry gives an exhausted look.)
Doofenshmirtz: What? They have those. See? Nobody remembers them. You know why? Because of the hot dog vendors! Oh, how I hated them! They had it all! They had chrome-plated carts and endorsement deals, fancy blimps! And what did we have? Only superior workmanship, finer meats, and exotic spices.
(Flashback once again to Doofenshmirtz as a bratwurst vendor.)
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) I was sure that it was just a matter of time before the public would recognize our superior quality.
Kid 1: How do you know when you're really lame?
Kid 2: When you sell bratwurst!
(kids laugh)
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) Then and there, I swore...
(End flashback.)
Doofenshmirtz (cont'd): (walking up to a tarp) I would get my revenge. (uncovering the tarp) Behold, the Hot-Dog-Vendor-Revenge-inator! Or my H.D.V.R.....ina...I...I have to work on my acronyms. Here's how it works. (presses a remote button lowering a screen showing a slideshow) The Revenge-inator sets off a freon blast to an unsuspecting hot dog vendor encasing their hot water boilers in a sheet of ice and rendering their hot dogs cold and soggy. (He presses the remote again ending the slideshow and raising the screen back up) And once I've taken the hot out of the dog, they'll be forced to sell my bratwursts instead! (Perry rolls his eyes.) Don't roll your eyes at me! It's a good plan! (huffs and crosses his arms) Sorry to go off on you like that, Perry the Platypus, but sometimes you just, oh, really push my buttons!

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz and Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: And now, Perry the Platypus, (activating his inator) it is time for revenge! Goodbye, hot dog street ven— (Perry pushes Doof to the ground.) Oh, what the?! How did you get out of my trap? (Cut to reveal a wooden Perry in the trap with a tag saying "DECOY" on it.) A decoy? That doesn't even make any sense! But, okay, I surrender, I'm a reasonable man. (reaching around) I know when it's time to (grabs a bratwurst and whacks Perry with it) fight back! Waa-ha! (Perry wipes away the grease on his fur, takes off his fedora, and produces a hot dog from out of it.) Woo-ho-ho. Your hot dog is no match for my bratwurst!
(Doof and Perry fight each other like Yoda and Count Dooku in Attack of the Clones. At one point, Doof reaches out his hand as if he's attempting to use the Force. Perry looks behind him at a lightbulb bolted to the wall and then looks back at Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: No, no, no, just kidding! I—But I made you look, didn't I? Huh? Huh?

(Cut back to the fight. We now hear lightsabre-esque sound effects coming from the bratwurst and the frankfurter. Doofenshmirtz gets swiped by Perry's hot dog and falls backwards, dropping his bratwurst. Perry points his hot dog to Doof in victory, but Doof eats it.)
Doofenshmirtz: Not so hotsy-totsy now! Are you, Perry the Platypus?
(Perry swipes his tail, which cuts through the bratwurst. A piece of it hits a button on the inator.)
Computer: Fire.
(The inator activates.)

(Cut back to Doof and Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: Eh, so what? Big deal. So it missed it's initial target. A minor setback. (Perry puts his finger on one of the bratwursts in the pile.) No wait! You'll disrupt the pile's equilibrium! (Perry takes the bratwurst out, nothing happens.) Well, hot diggity do— (All the bratwursts fall onto Doofenshmirtz and crash through the building and go down the streets with the Hot-Dog-Vendor-Revenge-inator.) Curse you, Perry the Platypus!!

Doofelations Season 2:53 | Day of the Living Gelatin

Major Monogram: Ah, there you are, Agent P. I hear you took a wrong tube and ended up over in Wanda's division. Well, Doofenshmirtz has sent you a video message. Take a look.
Doofenshmirtz: (On video) Thanks Monogram. Oh, hello, Perry the Platypus. I'm sure you're getting this. I– I was hoping you would stop by today for some tea. See, I've got all these little tea things set out and ready and, um... Uh, please use the front entrance, Perry the Platypus, because– Uh, because, uh, all the other entrances don't work today. So its back to you monogram.  bye-bye. I'll see you later today! Coming in through the front entrance.
Major Monogram: So you see, Doofenshmirtz has invited you to tea. We don't know what it could possibly mean. We think– But don't hold us to this. We think that maybe, just maybe, it could be a trap. We do, however, like to give people the benefit of the doubt, uh, so try to have fun. Monogram out.
♪ Doo be doo be doo ba doo be doo be doo ba ♪
♪ Doo be doo be doo ba ♪
♪ Perry! ♪

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated ♪
Doofenshmirtz: This is nice, huh? You know, I was thinking the other day about how much better you would be as an ally. So I created this. I call it my Turn-Everything-Evil-Inator. Now, you just sit still. Okay, great. You know, after I turn you evil, we can use it to create a whole army of evil minions. Won't that be fun? Hold still. (Doofenshmirtz fires his -inator at Perry, while Perry dodges the rays) Hey. I'm beginning to think you don't want to be allies at all. I'm not trying to make it personal!

Doofenshmirtz: Okay, okay, I missed you several times, and I probably won't hit you anytime soon. I get that. But I must have hit lots of other things, and with a push of this button, those lots of other things will come to my side. And together we will defeat you!
(Doofenshmirtz hits the button)

Doofenshmirtz: Here they come, Perry the Platypus. Here they come, all of my minions. (He laughs) (A bar of soap and a toothbrush come to his side) I c– I– I could've sworn I hit more threatening stuff than this. Really, really pathetic.
Gelatin Monster: (Growling) Master.
(The Gelatin Monster climbs up Doofenshmirtz's building, and enters his lair)'
Doofenshmirtz: Aha, a gelatin monster. I knew there was going to be something fun. Get him! Now you can bow down before my cartilaginous creation. It's so corrupt and cantankerous and carnivorous and, uh... Uh, low in calories and ca– Ca– Cow– Couch. Hm. Ah, that's all I got.
(Gelatin Monster whimpers)
Doofenshmirtz: My Turn-Everything-Evil-Inator! My monster! No!
(Perry flings his hat at the sprinkler system, and sets it off, melting the gelatin monster, adn shorting out and destroying the Turn-Everything-Evil-Inator )
Doofenshmirtz: My Turn-Everything-Evil-Inator! My monster! No! My beautiful, fruit flavored monster! You come back here, Perry the Platy- (He slips on the bar of soap, and the toothbrush lands in his mouth)Whoa! Oof! Mm. This isn't the toothbrush I use to brush my teeth.

Doofelations Season 2:54 | Elementary My Dear Stacy

(Perry opens the grandfather clock and steps in, falling into a lair, where he enjoys a cup of tea)
♪ Doo be doo be doo ba, doo be doo be doo ba ♪
♪ Doo be doo be doo ba, ♪
♪ Perry! ♪
Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P. Doofenshmirtz is up to no good here, in the UK. And, uh, after your last mission in London, we ran into some trouble with the British Spy Union. So joining you today is Agent Double 0-0. And joining me today is the lovely Inspector Initials.
(Agent Double 0-0 drops down from the ceiling and lands in the chair, whilst Inspector Initial splits the screen with Monogram)
Inspector Initials: Double 0-0, you and Agent P will be assigned the same mission against Dr. Doofenshmirtz.
Agent Double 0-0: You realize this man is a Platypus?
Inspector Initials: They're American, Double 0-0. Just be glad it's a mammal.
Major Monogram: Ooh. Rrreow. Well, go get him, Agent P.
Agent Double 0-0: What? That's it? No files? No location? No contact? What kind of a mission is this?
Major Monogram: It was enough for the mammal.
Inspector Initials: Ooh. Rrreow.

(At the Big Ben, Perry and Agent Double 0-0 bust in and find Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? Oh, who's your little friend here?
Agent Double 0-0: I'm Agent Double 0-0, from Her Majesty's secret service.
Doofenshmirtz: Double 0-0? I-isn't that just triple "O"?
Agent Double 0-0: No, that's not how you say it.
Doofenshmirtz: It spells "OOO", does it?
Agent Double 0-0: It's just Double 0-0.
Doofenshmirtz: He's "P" and you're "OOO", so together you spell-
Agent Double 0-0: No, they're not "O"s, they're zeros. Alright?
Doofenshmirtz: I was just going to say "OOOP". Looks like I struck a nerve there!
(He presses a remote and two traps spring out, holding Perry around the waist, but Double 0-0 around the shins)
Agent Double 0-0: Hey!
Doofenshmirtz: I must apologize, all of my traps are platypus-sized.
Agent Double 0-0: What about this then? (he motions to a large rocket engine above them)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, that. You see, as I get older, I find it's harder and harder to read my small, little wristwatch. So, I will launch Big Ben into space, and fly it all the way to the Tri-State Area. (He demonstrates on a scale model) La-la-la, here I am, la-la-la, I just woke up and want to know what time it is – Yes! I am a genius!
Agent Double 0-0: So that– That's your whole plan?
Doofenshmirtz: Well, in a nutshell, yes. What do you think?
Agent Double 0-0: Am I on one of those hidden camera shows? You realize you could just buy a bigger watch? Or maybe a wall clock?
Doofenshmirtz: Yes, but then I would have to drive to a store, and find a parking space, then you have to choose from, like - dozens of styles, I- It just seems like so much work. This will be much less complicated.

The rocket engines under Big Ben begin to start up)
Doofenshmirtz: I'm going up to the top of the tower, I'm sure you two have a hot time together! (He laughs and exits)
Agent Double 0-0: Don't worry, Agent P. I'll have us out of these before you know it. (He activates a laser on his watch and begins cutting through the restraints)

Agent Double 0-0: (firing his laser) Just a few more minutes.
(Perry notices a remote, grabs a brick and throws it at the remote button, releasing them both)
Agent Double 0-0: Ow! Oh, there you go. Good thing I had the watch laser. Now Doofenshmirtz took the stairs, but if we work our way up the inner mechanism of the clock, he'll never see us coming.
(Agent Double 0-0 starts climbing up through the clock gears)
(Perry watchs briefly, then calls the elevator)

Doofenshmirtz: (On top of the tower) Well, It's about time!
(He presses a remote, the rocket engines fire, and Big Ben starts rumbling)

(Big Ben launches)
Doofenshmirtz: (Doofenshmirtz laughs maniacally) Hey!
(Perry arrives at the top of the clock and kicks Doofenshmirtz and takes the remote)
Doofenshmirtz: (landing on the water slide Phineas and Ferb Built) Hey, look at this! It's like a ride! (part of the slide begin coming off) Woo-hoo! Cannonball! (The entire slide breaks into pieces and land in the water. Doofenshmirtz lands on the pavement) Well, I was expecting a bigger splash...
(Perry presses a remote, and Big Ben lands back in place) 

Doofelations Season 2:55 | Don't Even Blink

(Behind Candace and Stacy, Perry comes out of Candace's recliner. He tiptoes past it, and an elevator emerges from the grass. It dings, and it's lights flash randomly. Perry looks back to see if Candace and Stacy would look, then runs into the elevator, and it's door closes. The elevator lands in Perry's lair.)
Major Monogram: What do you think, too much? Oh, I'm just getting into the mood. I'm going to Vegas this weekend. (Pause) Okay. (Takes a sheet) Our sources tell us that Doofenshmirtz is working on an invisibility ray, and that can't be good. Get out there and put a stop to it. (Perry runs off) And may luck be with you! Lady luck, baby! Hot-cha.

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc., Perry's hovercraft flies to it. Inside, Perry kicks open the door.)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? You're just in time. (Pulls out a remote) Just in time to be trapped! (Presses the remote button. A crashing sound is heard. Perry looks around for the trap) Didn't Major Monogram tell you I was working on an invisible ray?
(Perry shrugs)
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, well, I made one, and now you're in an invisible cage. And so you don't get bored, I put in an invisible tin cup in there for you to play with.
(Perry picks up the cup and moves it back and forth)
Doofenshmirtz: Yes, see? Fun with sound. Behold, Perry the Platypus, (Presses the remote button) my Invis-inator! (The Invis-inator fires) And why would I need an Invisibility ray like this, you ask? Well, you know when those cute, little Fireside Girls come by to sell their-- Their cupcakes, or their-- Or their raffle tickets or whatever?
(Scene switches to Doofenshmirtz watching TV)
Doofenshmirtz: And you forgot to close your shades, (Gretchen and Katie walk up to the door. Gretchen knocks the door) so they come to the front door, and they could see you! (Gretchen and Katie peek through the window) They could see you, watching TV or whatever, (Doofenshmirtz sits back) and you can't pretend that you're not home (Doofenshmirtz sinks in his chair) because they can see you! And they have those big, pleading eyes making you feel guilty, and-- (Scene switches back to Doofenshmirtz) So, I'm just gonna shoot them with a ray so I don't have to look at them.

Doofenshmirtz: You see, Perry the Platypus, the entire Tri-State Area-- (Scratching) Hey, what-- What are you doing? Is that an invisible file? You've forced my hand! I have no choice (Presses the button) but to open the trap door, (The door opens) and release the invisible tiger! (Turns around) Hmm... Uh, are you feeling any biting or scratching in there, because--
(Camera switches to Perry. Doofenshmirtz is heard being mauled by the tiger)
Doofenshmirtz: (Is seen with his coat scratched, carrying a whip and chair) Back, you tiger! Ow! Where-- Where are you? So I can snap my whip at you! (Snaps the whip twice) Get in there! Get back, get back! (Drops the whip and presses the button) In there! (The door closes) I attribute that to poor planning. (Throws away the chair) If I had the tiger door inside your cage, you would have been-- (Gets hit by Perry swinging on a rope. Doofenshmirtz rolls into the Invis-inator's ray) Now, Perry the Platypus, you can never be sure where the final strike will come from. (Perry turns around) Ah, I'm an imperceptible enigma. I move in silence-- (Perry kicks him) Ow! Oh you followed the sound of my voice, maybe I should stop talk-- (Perry punches and kicks him) Ow, ow, ow! Quit it! (He knocks down a chair and rolls into the Invis-inator's ray, causing him to become visible again) Interesting! If you're already invisible, it turns you visible again-- (Perry throws the chair at him) Ow! Oh well that came out of nowhere.

(Scene switches to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.. Perry is still fighting Doofenshmirtz. Doofenshmirtz punches him, causing Perry to slide to the Invis-inator's ray, but half of his body is visible)
Doofenshmirtz: (Laughs) Look at you! You're just a bottom! (Perry punches him) Oh, it's on now! (Charges at Perry, who throws him over. Doofenshmirtz's body is now half invisible) Oop! Look at me! I'm just a top!
(Perry jumps at him. They go through the Invis-inator's ray, and now Perry's top is visible, bottom invisible, as Doofenshmirtz's bottom is visible, top invisible. They run off, and Doofenshmirtz jumps over and punches Perry. He throws him at the Invis-inator's ray, and now Perry's bottom is visible, top invisible. Perry aims the Invis-inator at Doofenshmirtz's top, which is visible. Perry's top is visible by putting is top into the Invis-inator's ray)

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc., Perry hops off the Invis-inator, causing it to aim at the Flynn-Fletcher house)

(Scene switches to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.. Doofenshmirtz's control panel is seen smoking)
Doofenshmirtz: You think you've beaten me, but you haven't, 'cause I can turn the Invis-inator into a Disintegrator, with just the simple (Pushes a button. The ray prepares to fire) push of a button!
(Perry jumps. The ray fires. At the Flynn-Fletcher house. The ray hits the invisible ride. Back at Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc., Perry aims the Disintegrator at the control panel. Doofenshmirtz ducks)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, I was using that!

Doofelations Season 2:56 | Chez Platypus

(Scene shifts to Perry's lair. Monogram is on his cell phone, trying to get a reservation at a restaurant.)
Major Monogram: What? Nothing available for tonight? Oh, never mind. (To Perry) Er, sorry, Agent P. It's date night tonight with the wife, and if I don't figure out something special to do, I'm royally in the doghouse.
Carl: Rreow! Pkshh!
Major Monogram: Carl! Anyway, Agent P, sources indicate Dr. Doofenshmirtz is up to one of his evil schemes. I need you to get out there and put a stop to it. Good luck.

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, Perry the Platypus! You must have noticed how I reinforced the locks, but, you know, not the door. Well, let's just get you out of... You're... You're really trapped in here, just... Just like I planned, obviously. So let me tell you my latest scheme. I'm so tired of all these happy couples around me, romantic and laughing, mocking me with their happiness. Well, not anymore. My De Love-inator satellite will eliminate the feeling of love in the entire Tri-State Area. All I have to do is press this button. It would be so easy to press it right now. It would be so simple, but, you know, I've got a date tonight, and I like to stay optimistic. But if we don't hit it off, I'm definitely gonna ruin it for everyone else.
(Elevator dings; Door slamming on floor)

(Scene shifts to the Flynn Fletcher house.)
(Jazzy piano)
Candace: Hi.
Jeremy: Hi. Ready?
Candace: I'm, like, so looking forward to tonight. A special evening, just the two of us. So, what do you have planned? Horseback riding? I just love horseback riding. Oh, you stopped.
Jeremy: Ta-da! Your brothers have opened the trendiest restaurant in town, and this is where I'm taking you.
Candace: Oh. Uh, really? Heh. How... fun.
Jeremy: Well, i-if you prefer to do something else...
Candace: Well...
Woman: Platypus-themed restaurants are so now, so wow. It will be a miracle if we get in.
Man: Cool.
Candace: Let's definitely eat here. But no way are we waiting in this line. I practically own the place. (To other people in line) Come on! Outta my way, people! VIP coming through! (To Buford) All right, Buford, make with the rope and let us in.
Buford: Name?
Candace: It's me.
Buford: "Me" who?
Candace: I'm Candace. Candace Flynn?
Buford: You're not on the list. You should have made a reservation yesterday.
Candace: This restaurant didn't exist yesterday. I demand to be let in right now.
Buford: Good evening, sir.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, I forgot to make a reservation.
Buford: No problem, dude.
Candace: Did that guy just bribe you?
Buford: He didn't bribe me. He just caught my attention in a monetary fashion. Now, back in line.

Doofenshmirtz: So I noticed in your online profile that you say you like tall men. Is--? Is--? Is that true?
Doofenshmirtz's date: That's right. And you're not very tall at all.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, I-I'm 6'2". I slouch.
Doofenshmirtz's date: My last date was 6'9". Now, that's a good-looking man. But I'll be honest, I've never been able to resist a man in a lab coat.
Doofenshmirtz: (Gasps) Really? Look. Look, I'm wearing one right now.

Doofenshmirtz's date: I'm usually extremely attracted to blonds.
Doofenshmirtz: I-I see.
Doofenshmirtz's date: But there is something about your windblown style that gives me goose bumps.
Doofenshmirtz: Really? Well, I-I must say, it's quite a bit of work in the morning, you know, but apparently worth it.

Doofenshmirtz: So, how do you feel about evil?
Doofenshmirtz's date: Huh? That's a weird question.
Doofenshmirtz: Is it? I-I'm just making conversation.
Doofenshmirtz's date: But I love it. Look.
Doofenshmirtz: You have an evil tattoo. Look, look, look, just like mine.
Doofenshmirtz's date: I can't believe we have so much in common. Y-you know, I don't even put "evil" on my profile anymore because it attracts so many weirdos.
Doofenshmirtz: Don't I know it.

Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? Oh, looking for my remote, are you? Well, here. Take it. I don't need it anymore. I am in love!
Woman: Sven, I heard a trendy new badger restaurant just opened up the street.
Man: Cool.
People: Ooh, badger restaurant./I love badgers.
Woman: Platypus-themed restaurants are so four hours ago. Let's bail.
Man: Cool.
Boy: I haven't eaten badger in a week.
(Crowd chattering)
Ferb: Ah, the public is fickle.
TV Host: Excuse me, young man. I'd like to buy your restaurant. I envision a chain of platypus-themed restaurants as far as the Tri-State Area can see.
Phineas: Heck, dinner service is over. You can have it.

(Song: "Happy Evil Love Song")
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Love was once a crazy dream ♪
♪ Now it's my new evil scheme ♪
Doofenshmirtz's date: ♪ And I'm as happy as can be ♪

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ When the robot armies march ♪
Doofenshmirtz's date: ♪ To the beating of our hearts ♪
♪ I'm as happy as can be ♪
(Laser blasts)

Both: ♪ It's the age-old story how an evil boy meets an evil girl ♪
♪ We got a love strong enough to rule the whole, wide world ♪
♪ We both maniacally laugh at all the same stuff ♪
♪ You can't foil a plan that's built upon evil love ♪
♪ (La-la-la-la) ♪
Doofenshmirtz's date: ♪ Ooh ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Evil love ♪
Doofenshmirtz: I have never been so happy in my entire life!
Doofenshmirtz's date: Oh—Heinz-- (Laser zaps) I feel nothing. (stomps away)
Doofenshmirtz: But—But—But—!
Doofenshmirtz's date: (offscreen) Nothing!

(Song: "Happy Evil Love Song")
Both: ♪ It's the age-old story how an evil boy meets an evil girl ♪
♪ We got a love strong enough to rule the whole, wide world ♪
♪ We both maniacally laugh at all the same stuff ♪
♪ You can't foil a plan that's built upon evil Love ♪
♪ (La-la-la-la) ♪
Doofenshmirtz's date: ♪ Ooh ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Evil love ♪

Doofelations Season 2:57 | Perry Lays an Egg

♪ Doofenshmirtz holding a bucket! ♪

(Doofenshmirtz, on his hovercraft, dumps the bucket of krill into the water. A few seconds later, Perry, using his jetpack, lands on it.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus! You're just in time for my backstory. You see, it all started a lifetime ago.

(Flashback)
Doofenshmirtz: (voice over) I was young and in love with a beautiful girl. She taught me how to see the beauty of life, and I taught her how to hold a petty grudge. She was very interested in whales, for some reason. In retrospect, it was probably more of an unhealthy obsession, but to win her heart, I created the Whale Translator-inator! I rented the best oceanographic vessel that I could afford, and we headed out. But when I turned the Translator-inator on...
(Whales squealing)
Whale: (via the Translator-inator) ..What a loser that guy up there is! She should dump that pink chimp and go out with a real mammal like me.
Doofenshmirtz: (voice over) She left me for that trash-talking 35-ton pile of blubber. And broke my fragile, 10-ounce utterly-too-human heart.
(End flashback)

Doofenshmirtz: Unfortunately, my Translator-inator only worked in one direction. So I was not able to tell the whales what I thought of them. Until today. Watch this. (mimics whale cry) See, I taught myself whale song. I just told him he's fat, and he has barnacle breath.
(Whale squeals)
Doofenshmirtz: Come on, come on, who's diabolical?
(Perry gives an annoyed face)

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz, still mocking the whale, while Perry watches the entire thing.)
Doofenshmirtz: (continues imitating whale cry) (laughing) I just told him his macaroni and cheese recipe is too cheesy and not macaroni-y enough! (laughing) (imitates whale cry)
(Perry rolls his eyes in disgust then leaves the hovercraft on his jetpack.)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, wait, Perry the Platypus. Where are you... Where are you going? Wait! Wait! My evil plan isn't evil enough for you to foil? Is that it? Really? I've just insulted the macaroni and cheese recipe of a whale! What part of that is not evil?
(After a pause, Doofenshmirtz turns his hovercraft around to follow after Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, you get back here and thwart me this instant!

(Cut to downtown Danville, where Perry's being followed by Doofenshmirtz.)
Doofenshmirtz: Stymie meee! Foil meee! Hey, what about the fact that I held a petty grudge against an inferior mammal all these years, huh?
(Perry glares, lowers his jetpack, and hides behind a dumpster. Doofenshmirtz flies past it on his hovercraft. Perry glances at the camera annoyingly, blinks once, then a surprised look appears on his face.)
Doofenshmirtz: Thwart me, Perry the Platypus.
(Perry quickly flies away on his jetpack.)
Doofenshmirtz: (once again following Perry) Aw, come on!

(Back to Doofenshmirtz following Perry on his hovercraft...)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, okay. I have something really evil. Really, really. It's actually evil. (pause) Just kidding. Ha-ha! (mimics whale cry)
(Perry flies his jetpack to the eject button and pushes it, which then ejects Doofenshmirtz out of the hovercraft.)

(Cut to the backyard; Candace is still getting pecked by the angle hooper.)
Candace: Ow! Ow!
(Doofenshmirtz, imitating a whale cry, "flies" by the Flynn-Fletcher house. The angle hooper stops pecking Candace then leaves with a squawk.)
Linda: (opening the back door) Candace, I have your batteries. (looks at Candace, surprised) Candace? What are you wearing?
Candace: It's... my mom suit.
Linda: All right. I'll try not to take that as an insult. What is the rest of this?
Phineas: Candace had us build this to show us what motherhood is like.
Linda: (doubtfully) Okay. Candace, you made them build all this?
Candace: No. That's not fair!
Linda: You know, Candace, you're gonna have to clean all this up. Mom suit. I swear. (walks off) I'm not even gonna ask.
Candace: How do you only manage to see this one? Why only mine? (walks towards the gate) Wait! Come back! This is so unfair! Wait!
Jeremy: (opening the gate) Hey, Candace. I was just stopping by to invite you... (awkward pause) Hmm. Well, nice mom suit.
Candace: (at Linda) See? He gets it.

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: (screaming; falls into a whale's blow hole)
(Pause)
Woman: Heinz?
Doofenshmirtz: Elizabeth?
(Another pause)
Elizabeth: Best decision I ever made.

Doofelations Season 2:58 | Gaming the System

(In Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: Good morning Agent P. I've been monitoring Doofenshmirtz's internet activity. First, we know what you're getting for Christmas. Don't ask our lips are sealed... it's a vase. Second, he's been doing a lot of research into the molecular of taffeta, satin, and most ominous of all, velour. Ugh! (Monogram shudders, and the feed cuts out)
Background singers: ♪ Perry! ♪

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus, you are too late. Wait, is it eleven o'clock yet? (Pauses for a beat) Now! Now you are too late. So Perry the Platypus, tremble in fear before the most twisted, nightmarish creation the world has ever known! The Ball gown-inator. (Doofenshmirtz grabs the Ball gown-inator, and fires it at Perry, leaving him in a ball gown. Perry tries to jump at Doofenshmirtz, but falls due to his ball gown. A pair of mechanical arms pick of Perry so that he is at Doofenshmirtz's level) See, Perry the Platypus? It's hard to fight when you're in a ball gown. It's portable too. Ooh, you look so elegant, like you're going to a cotillion. It's a word, it means dance. So, why would I created such a device as this? Hm? Hm?
(Flashback)
Doofenshmirtz: (Narrating) You see, back in Gimmelshtump in the depths of my childhood, my parents were expecting a brand new baby girl. My mother spent months knitting pretty dresses. Unfortunately, the baby turned out to be a boy, and because we were out of material, I was forced to wear those same dresses for an entire year. Drawing mockery and scorn from all of my manly classmates.
(Flashback ends)
Doofenshmirtz: Now with my ball gown-inator, I will be the manliest man in the Tri-State Area! You know, by comparison. Because everyone else will be wearing dress. After I shoot them with my ball gown-inator. Am, am I over explaining this? Because I have this whole musical number prepared, and... Oh, oh you're good. Okay. (at the dancers) Take five girls.

(At DEI, a blimp comes out from the top of the building)
Doofenshmirtz: You know, Perry the Platypus, that dress sort of suites you. If you know, you just eventuate the positive as they say... Um, I'm going to stop talking now, I'm moving into a weird-
(Perry swings his dress onto Doofenshmirtz's head, cuts the ties holding him, and swings to the other side of the blimp)
Doofenshmirtz: (Muffled by Perry's dress) Hey what the...? What going on here I got... Oh, it's on now!
(Perry yanks on the dress, sending Doofenshmirtz over the edge of the balloon, and causing him to drop the Ball Gown-inator)
Doofenshmirtz: (Hanging under the balloon) Oh great, now everyone's staring.

(Doofenshmirtz continues to be pulled by the balloon, until he reaches a higher part on a roof, causing him to flip into the balloon)
Doofenshmirtz: Hehe, exactly as planned.
(Perry and Doofenshmirtz begin to battle for control of the Ball Gown-inator)

(Doofenshmirtz and Perry continue fighting over the Ball Gown-inator, causing it to fire, giving Doofenshmirtz a dress.)
Doofenshmirtz: Sea-Foam-Green? I'm actually more of an Autumn.
(Doofenshmirtz launches at Perry, which makes the Ball Gown-inator fire into the distance)

(Doofenshmirtz and Perry continue to battle for the -inator, but door pulls off the end of it, effectively breaking it.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh no noooooooo!
(Perry takes out a pin) AHH! (Perry pops the balloon, then jumps off, floating down safely by using his dress as a parachute)
Doofenshmirtz: Curse you Perry the Platypus!

(Doofenshmirtz's balloon flies into a building, sending him falling downward, straight into the summer cotillion)
Cotillion Crowner: ...And the queen of the summer cotillion is...
(Doofenshmirtz straightens up, and get the crown placed on his head)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh I am honored. And at the same time humiliated, so thank you and curse you.

Doofelations Season 2:59 | The Chronicles of Meap

(Perry puts on his fedora and starts to run off, then quickly takes it off when he sees Meap)
Meap: Meap!
(Perry chatters)
Meap: Meap!
(Perry chatters)
Meap: Meap!
(Meap walks off, and Perry puts back on his fedora)
(Perry enters his lair through a chute)
(Major Monogram's arms are white, and he seems to be making more gestures than normal)
Major Monogram: Good morning Agent P! I wonder what exciting mission we have for you today. (starts itching his nose) Excuse me, my nose is really itchy. Doofenshmirtz has purchased a lot of carpet, he must be up to something bad. Because he's a bad, bad person... He's this bad. (Holds up his arms to show how bad Doofenshmirtz is. He starts to laugh) I can't do this. Carl was doing my arms. See? (Turns around to show Agent P) Oh, too funny, anyway, stop Doofenshmirtz with the carpet thing.

(The entire Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc. building is covered with carpet)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil is carpeted! ♪
(Perry crawls through Doofenshmirtz's carpet and blasts a hole it in)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus, just in time for your little lesson in static electricity! (A mechanical hand rubs Perry against the carpet, causing him to poof out, then flicks Perry onto a wall, trapping him) Looks like I rubbed you the wrong way, Puffy the Fuzzypus. You might ask; Why the carpet? What is he doing? What is going on? Why is he listing questions I might ask him? Well, I believe the answers are best expressed in back story form.
(Scene fades into sepia-tone)
Doofenshmirtz: When I was a boy, the smell of pork emanating from me was so bad because of well, (Back in Doofenshmirtz's lair) well, the reason's unimportant, it was part of a different emotionally scarring backstory. I'm not getting into... regardless, the smell of pork was so bad (Flashback) that no one would come near me. So one day the carnival came to town and I needed money because of, (Back in his lair) well, another backstory that, basically my parents disowned me, I was being raised by ocelots. (Flashback #2) The point is, I had to get a job at the carnival, but the only work was at the dunking booth, and not as the guy who got dunked, I was what they threw to dunk him, which is, again, a whole other backstory. Okay, long backstory short, I got a balloon at the carnival, I drew a face on him, I sprayed him with special "Life-Long-Lasting" spray I created, and I named him Balloony. He became my best friend in the whole world, yadda yadda yadda. Then one tragic day, when I was protecting our garden as a lawn gnome, whatever, you remember that backstory. Balloony started floating away. I tried to reach out and grab him, but...
Mr. Doofenshmirtz: (from inside) Bewege dich nicht! (Don't move!)
Doofenshmirtz: And I never saw Balloony again. (Flashback ends) He's still out there, somewhere. Not to put to fine a point on it, but I put that Long Lasting spray on him. So he's still out around. And I plan to bring him to me! Balloons, you see, are attracted to static electricity, so I created this. Behold the Static Electro-Amplif-Inator! Keep beholding, keep beholding, beholding, and we're still beholding, and scene.

(At D.E.I., Doofenshmirtz is getting dressed behind a screen)
Doofenshmirtz: So you know when you walk around in socks and rub them across the carpet, you get that little static shock? (He comes out from behind the screen) Behold, the new uniform of pure evil! I call it the socky-shocky-suity.

(Back at DEI)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, I'm almost done charging up the socky-shocky-suity suit. You know it's the technical side of evil I think people don't really appreciate. There! Now watch as every balloon in the entire Tri-State area is ripped from the hands of children, clowns, and ... clown-children. Hahahaha. (He connects himself with the Static Electro-Amplif-Inator stealing balloons from children, clowns, and clown-children, filling up DEI) Wow, that's a lot of balloons.
(The immense static charge pulls Doofenshmirtz and Perry onto the balloons, then the upward force of the balloons, rip the Static-Electro-Amplif-Inator out of DEI and lifts them towards the clouds)
Doofenshmirtz: You know on paper, this was the outcome too.

(Back at Mitch's spaceship, Meap is about ready to attack Mitch)
Meap: Meap!
Mitch: Oh yeah?
(Doofenshmirtz suddenly bursts through the floor of Mitch's spacecraft)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh man, what the... (Seeing Mitch) Oh, hello.
Mitch: We're right in the middle of a showdown, if you don't mind.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, uh, I get it. It looks serious. Nemesis confrontation. One of those "it ends here" kind of things. Whoo-ee Not fun. Okay, well don't mind me, I'm just playing through as they say.
(Outside, Perry shoots his grappling hook at the spaceship and detaches himself from the balloons)
Doofenshmirtz: You're doing fine, just ignore me. I'll show myself out. (Opens a door)
Mitch: No! That's where I keep--
Doofenshmirtz: It's you. Balloony.
Mitch: Hey! That's the most unique creature in my collection. Collin. My best friend.
Doofenshmirtz: What! That's Balloony, my best friend
Mitch: No, I found Collin just floating all alone in space.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, I actually drew his face! Look, look, I signed it.
Mitch: That's a birthmark.
Doofenshmirtz: A birthmark! It's a balloon you idiot! "Collin". Come on Balloony, let's scoot.
(Balloony remains floating in place)
Doofensmirtz: Ba-Balloony?
Mitch: Ha. See? Collin is my best friend.
Doofenshmirtz: You've changed, Balloony. And I though you were actually back-story worthy. It makes me sick! Well, I don't even need you anymore. Yeah, I've got an even better best friend. He's a really good listener, he even put up with me going on about how great you were! Ha! (Perry finally climbs into the spaceship) It's clear to me now that my real best friend is Perry the Platy—Oof! (Perry knocks him out of the large hole in the bottom of the ship)
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, hello? Falling to my doom here! (Perry jumps out to go help him)
(Mitch presses a button causing a cage to fall over Meap)
Mitch: All too easy.
(Phineas, Ferb, and Isabella come out from playing with the aliens)
Isabella: That was awesome.
Phineas: I knew there was still more cool stuff to do in space.
(Evil looking floating robots surround them)
Phineas: Uh oh.
Isabella: What are they?
Phineas: I don't know. (At a robot) Hi. (Robot shoots laser at Phineas) Okay?
(The robots suddenly get hit with baseballs, destroying them)
Candace: (Holding the baseball launcher) Strike three. They're out.
Phineas: Cool! What ever happened to strike two?
Candace: Uh... Where's Meap? I told him to wait right here.
Phineas: Hmm, I'm having trouble picking up his cute signal.
Isabella: Phineas, since you obviously won't figure this out on your own, I think I'm the one causing the cute interference.
Phineas: Don't be silly Isabella. I took into account your cuteness, and adjusted the cute-meter settings accordingly from the beginning. See, look what happens when I change it back to normal. (The cute-meter overloads due to an excessively strong cute signal from Isabella) Oops, so much for finding Meap.
Isabella: Do you think he's okay?
Mitch: No, no I don't.
Phineas: Hi Mitch.
Meap: Meap!
Candace: (Points the Baseball Launcher at Mitch) Get away from him, Mitch!
(Mitch laughs evilly, and sends more robots to surround the gang)
Mitch: Foolish children, only now do you understand your grave situation.
(Candace begins to manipulate a baseball towards Meap's cage while whistling)
Mitch: (Makes voice high and squeaky) "Hi, Mitch!" "Look at the cool stuff, Mitch!" "Blah, blah, blah, MITCH!"
Phineas: Ha. He totally nailed you, Ferb.
Mitch: Silence. I mean seriously, seriously. You're still not getting this. You're all trapped on my ship forever! Like animals in a cage. Get it? You lost, I won!
Candace: (After opening Meap's cage with the baseball) Go, hide.
(Meap gets out and shoots the robots with his rainbow death ray, destroying them)
Candace: Huh?
(Meap begins to do battle with Mitch)
Isabella: Whoa.
(Meap continues to fight with Mitch)
Candace: I... I don't believe it.
(Meap finishes off Mitch and ties Mitch's hands behind his back)
Mitch: Oh,-Oh,-Okay, okay, I surrender! You,-- you can stop behaving in a way counterintuitive to how you superficially appear. We get it. Hey! Stay away from my universal mustache translator. (Meap pulls the mustache off, leaving Mitch unable to speak English) Ow! MEAP!
Meap: Meap! (He puts on the mustache translator) Children, thank you for your help in bringing down this villainous scoundrel. You see, I am an intergalactic security agent who roams the universe, busting people who do stuff they're not supposed to do.
Candace: You're like the me of the galaxy.
Meap: Exactly. I am pleased to not only have made some true friends, but to have met a kindred spirit as well.
Candace: I thought Meap was a helpless little creature. Huh, I guess I learned to never judge a book by its cover again.
(Another alien comes into the room)
Candace: (Screams) An alien monster! Get to the ship!
Meap: Actually that's my mother-in-law, so yeah, she's correct. Let's get out of here! (Phineas, Ferb, and Isabella follow)

(A large Metal object nearly crushes Phineas, Ferb, and Meap)
Mitch: Hahahahaha!
Mitch: Aren't you a little young to save the universe?
Phineas: Yes. Yes, I am.
Major Monogram: I want your hat on my desk!
(Perry throws his chair towards the screen at Major Monogram)
Doofenshmirtz: Balloony!
Mitch: Collin!
Candace: What? Jeremy's going to be there?
Narrator: The Chronicles of Meap, Episode 40.
Meap: Meap!
Narrator: Meapless in Seattle.
(The screen goes black, displaying the following text: "IN MEMORIAM... Don LaFontaine 08/26/40 - 09/01/08 One man, in a land, in a time, in a world... All his own.")
Narrator: In a world. There, I said it, happy?

Doofelations Season 2:60 | Thaddeus and Thor

(Cut to Agent P zipping to a garden hose.)
(Cut to Agent P's lair. Major Monogram is already on screen but Perry is nowhere to be found.)
Major Monogram: Agent P? Agent P?
(Cut back to the garden hose, which Perry is now apparently in, but is having a difficult time going all the way down. Cut back to the lair.)
Major Monogram: Agent P? Where is he, Carl?
Carl: (offscreen) I don't know, sir. Maybe he decided to quit.
Major Monogram: Quit? Well, why would he wanna do that?
Carl: (offscreen) Well, remember his last mission? You were pretty tough on him, sir.
Major Monogram: Hmm. You're right, Carl. I can be pretty rough sometimes. (sadly) Poor Agent P. Do you think the little guy will ever forgive me? (Perry finally drops into his chair to see Monogram crying, but he then looks up happily) Oh, uh, Agent P, you're here! Ahem! (seriously) So, Dr. Doofenshmirtz has been sighted in the Danville Park. We need you to make sure no one is in any danger. (Perry salutes and leaves) There he goes. (guiltily) Jeez, Carl, just hope I wasn't too rough on him this time.
Carl: (offscreen) I don't know, sir. He looked pretty upset to me.
Major Monogram: (putting his head in his hand) I hate myself.

(Cut to Danville Park, where a sack race is going on. Above it the banner reads:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Family Reunion ♪
(Long pan right to show the various activities taking place at the reunion, including a picnic and a kickball tournament. Pan stops on Doofenshmirtz looking upon the reunion by himself. Cut to a bush, which Perry jumps out of and approaches Doof in a fighting position.)
Doofenshmirtz: (disgruntled) Oh, hi, Perry the Platypus. Welcome to the Doofenshmirtz family reunion. They're just about to start the dreaded kickball game that my mother organizes every year. The one my brother's team always wins. You see, I'm not very coordinated with my feet. But with my hands...Hey, watch this. (Doof reaches offscreen and grabs a table with several cups on them. He does a few impressive stacking tricks with the cups.) See? I hold the cup-stacking world record. But does my mother care? No! (pushes the table offscreen) You see, Perry the Platypus, throughout my childhood, my mother's love was always inexplicably linked to kickball. You know, I think—I think this is best expressed through song. (strums a balalaika)

(Song: "Couldn't Kick My Way Into Her Heart")
Doofenshmirtz: (to the tune of "You Snuck Your Way Right Into My Heart") ♪ My mother's love was always inexplicably linked to kickball, ♪
♪ And my brother was an expert from the start ♪
♪ But I lacked finesse, so when put to the test, ♪
♪ I couldn't kick my way right into her heart... ♪

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I still got no coordination! ♪

(Cut back to Doof in the present)
Doofenshmirtz: How do you like that, Perry the Platypus? Love Händel, in my flashback! I know people. (Perry just gives him a flat look.) This year, it's going to be different! W-W-Wait right here, I'll show you! (He exits offscreen. We hear a mechanical noise, and he comes back with an electronic leg.) Behold, the Kickinator 5000! Could you help me practice, please, please? Just take the ball and go over there and then just roll it to me. Go ahead. Any time. I'm ready. (The ball rolls to Doof, but nothing happens.) Well, you—you threw it too early! (Gets the ball back) Couldn't you tell I wasn't ready? (He throws the ball back and Perry catches it) Come on, try again. Okay, do it right this time. (The Kickinator 5000 suddenly kicks Doof's chin and he lands on his bottom. The ball rolls off.) It's, uh, you know, it's a process.

(Cut back to the family reunion. Perry is now holding the ball on a fishing pole.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, slowly. Not so fast! I can hardly keep up with it!
(A ball hits Doof in the head followed by Perry.)
Female Voice: Heads up, Heinz!
(Doof growls)
(Screen flips to sometime later)
Doofenshmirtz: You know what? Just—Just bring the ball in front of the Kickinator. Just—Put it right th—What are you doing? I didn't say a mile away! Right here! Bring it closer. Okay. No, no! Oh. That's a little bit better. Step back and get ready to witness some real kicking. (He kicks the ball perfectly, and the ball goes into a tree. A bird falls out.) I did it! I did it! (The Kickinator kicks his chin again and he falls on his back.) I still did it!

(Cut back to the park. Doof is waiting for his turn to kick.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, I'm next!
Charlene: (on the mound) Alright, easy out! Everybody move in!
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, you're not even a Doofenshmirtz anymore!
Charlene: I kept the name!
Vanessa: (from the bleachers) You can do it, Dad! (to the person sitting next to her) He can't really do it.

(Cut back to Doof, who is waiting for the ball to come to him. Charlene rolls it to him. Close up on Doof's sweaty face. Cut to a shot of the nervous crowd. The ball finally reaches him and he kicks it right out of the park.)
Vanessa: Woah!
Mrs. Doofenshmirtz: Woah!

(Cut back to the park where Doof approaches his goody two-shoes brother.)
Doofenshmirtz: I...I did it. I did it! Ha ha! Who's the loser now, huh?! L-O-S-E-R! Who's the loser?! You are! Let's boogie! That's right! Let's boogie!
(The ball comes back into Roger's hand, and he tags his brother.)
Roger: You're out.
Mrs. Doofenshmirtz: (running down from the bleachers) Oh, Roger, my son! (lifts her son up) You make me so proud, again!
Doofenshmirtz: But... (The Kickinator kicks Doof again) OW!

(Cut to Doof sitting on the ground.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ooooh, I just felt a disturbance in the cup-stacking universe. I think my record's been broken.

Doofelations Season 2:61 | De Plane! De Plane!

(Agent P runs over to a flower bed, pushes a flower down, and lands in his seat)
Major Monogram: Ah, Agent P. We just discovered Doofenshmirtz has been stealing bottles from recycling bins, and nothing good can come from that. (Photo of Doofenshmirtz digging through trash cans appears on the monitor) Unless, of course, he's recycling, in which case nothing but good can come from that. Unless, he's recycling it into some hideous weapon, which is something once again no good could come from. Except, of course, for the recycling part, which I guess is still at its essence, good. Even if you're making something evil, it's still reducing the... You know, you know, perhaps we shouldn't even put these good and evil labels on things. Let's just say Doofenshmirtz is doing something neutral. So, just get out there and make sure it stays like that. (Agent P disappears)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: (The wall flips and Agent P appears) Perry the Platypus? (phone rings) Hello? It's for you, Perry the Platypus. (He ties the phone cord around Agent P) Haha, prank call! Now say hello to my new evil weapon: My Evaporator-inator! It's made completely out of recycled materials. It's green... (takes off lab coat to show a recycling sign and "greevil" letters on it in green) ...and evil! I call it, "Greevil." (laughs) Backstory time! You see Perry the Platypus when I was a young boy, my mother would never let me swim in public pools.

(Flashback)
Mrs. Doofenshmirtz: No.
(Flashback ends)
(Pause)

Doofenshmirtz: What? That's it! You know, not every backstory has to have some big in-depth spiel, Mr. High Expectations!

Doofenshmirtz: Now, say "goodbye" to splashy-pool time fun, forever! Even my power source is greevil. It's solar! Do you mind Perry the Platypus, this is really a two-handed job. (He hangs the phone up on Perry. A panel in the floor rotates Perry to a potted plant, then back to Perry, now free) Ah! Seriously- (Perry kicks Doofenshmirtz in the face, knocking his into his -inator, and firing it in an unintended direction)

Candace: Now, as I was saying before I was so lamely interrupted, I'm going to show everybody a real dare-devil dive. (The Beam from Doofenshmirtz's -inator hits the pool, evaporating it)
Candace: Oh, well that's just not fair!
(The partygoers grab their skateboarding gear)
Partygoer: Hey cool! It's like a half-pipe!
Jeremy: All right!
(People begin skating)
Candace: No! Wait! No! No, I've been practicing diving, not skateboarding! Ugh. Everybody stop doing things that I'm not good at!
(Jeremy falls off his skateboard, launching it to the top of the pool)
Candace: Oh, this is a nightmare, come on Stacy, let's go-- (Candace steps on Jeremy's skateboard, and begins skating in the pool)
Guy: Safety first! (He puts a helmet on Candace)
Jeremy: Whoa.
Guy 2: Safety first! (He gives her elbow and knee pads)
Guy 3: Safety first! (He hands Candace a steering wheel.)
Candace: A steering wheel? How is this safe? (The airbag explodes in her face)
(Candace lands on the diving board, launching her onto the roof, down a tree branch and back onto the diving board)
Jeremy: Wow, Candace...

(Doofenshmirtz and Perry the Platypus continue to fight)
Doofenshmirtz: That was your last highly-improbable judo maneuver Perry the Platypus. I will now evaporate-innate you into non-existence! 
(The Paper Pelican flies by covering the sun)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh no! my-my power source! Oh, great now I can't see a thing!
(Perry runs and kicks Doofenshmirtz off the building)
Doofenshmirtz: Curse you Perry the Platypus.

Doofelations Season 2:62 | Let's Take a Quiz

(In the house, Agent P grabs a remote off the TV set and presses it several times before grabbing another remote that opens the screen off the TV. Perry goes through to his lair. Major Monogram is giving Carl a massage)
Major Monogram: Ah, Agent P, uh... ahem. Carl and I made a bet, and, well... I lost. (Clears throat)
(Carl puts his fingers on Monogram's mouth as if he's the one talking)
Carl: (In a falsetto voice) Dozens of delivery trucks have been...
Major Monogram: This was, uh, part of the bet.
Carl: ...showing up at Doofenshmirtz's, and no good can come from that. Get to the bottom of it. (Laughs)
(Major Monogram reappears with a clown costume on and continues giving Carl a massage)
Major Monogram: This actually wasn't part of the bet.
(Perry exits)

(Cut to D.E.I.)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(Cut to inside. Perry opens the door only to get trapped inside a metal box)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus, how do you like my new Nemesis Catch-o-Mat? I bought it from the TV. (Perry gives him a look)

(Flashback to Doofenshmirtz by a TV with phone in hand)
Ad Man: Buy now for only $5.99 and get—
(Doofenshmirtz turns off the TV)
Doofenshmirtz: (on phone) I'll take two!
(End flashback)

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, I see you've taken notice of all the infomercial products. I seem to have developed an addiction to them. I-It started with the Fruit Dehydrator. Here I've been eating hydrated fruit like a sucker my whole life! (doorbell rings) Excuse me, Perry the Platypus.
Delivery Guy: Sign here please.
(Doofenshmirtz signs for the package, gives the delivery guy the slip and takes the box.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, my Serve-O-Mat! See, this is what I'm talking about, I don't even know what a Serve-O-Mat is and now I own five. These infomercials are taking time away from my evil. People ask, "Doof, if you have unwanted infomercials, how do you get rid of them?" My solution is easy, simple, and it starts working the same day. With my Scorch-inator, I will target TV towers and melt, smelt, and render them into their basic components, thereby eliminating infomercials! And how much would I pay for this? Nothing, it's free! But wait! There's more! N-Th-There's not really any more, that's about it.

(Cut back to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: What's the matter, Perry the Platypus? You don't like my little plan? Think about it this way: Since infomercials are almost universally hated, I will actually be doing a civic good by destroying them! Huh? You see? You like that? W— Oof! (Perry somehow gets out of the Nemesis Catch-o-Mat, and jumps on Doof. Cut to show Perry holding a device) Aha, yes, the E-Z Automatic Trap Escaper. I must've left it out where you could reach it. Well, I was able to reach this! (He reaches offscreen and retrieves a mallet-looking device) It's the Swapotron-Smash-o-Matic! (a boxing glove comes out of the mallet and punches Perry) I got it for only $99.95. (Perry gets another device) Ah, the Labco Pocket Tennis Ball Launcher provides exquisite (gets hit with a tennis ball) Oof!—accuracy. (takes out another device) Face the hideous might of my Burgerizer 2100 hamburger patty air cannon! Eat patty!

(Cut back to Perry trying to walk away from Doofenshmirtz, but he finds him.)
Doofenshmirtz: Heh-heh! How did I find you? Well, it was easy, with my Platy-Positioner satellite global platypus locator. Patent pending. (Perry kicks him.)

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz holding yet another device)
Doofenshmirtz: Not only will I defeat you with this Flab Crusher, but I'm simultaneously getting a good burn on my delts. $10.99! Hmm? (Perry holds a vacuum-like device and turns it on. Doofenshmirtz yells and they charge at each other with their devices. The vacuum-like device sucks Doofenshmirtz's face) The Tornado Vac only needs one setting because of its painfully awesome suction power! (They go out onto the balcony and Doofenshmirtz backs into his Shrinkinator-plant and activates it several times. He gets out a notepad and pencil and writes something.) Shrinkinator, why haven't I unplugged this thing? I keep leaving myself notes, and I keep forgetting. "Shrinkinator. Unplug Shrinkinator." (He sticks the note onto the Shrinkinator.) Ugh! I'll do it tomorrow. (Pan to reveal all the notes say essentially the same thing.)

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz and Perry's fight.)
Doofenshmirtz: (after landing near a hamburger flipper) Ha! I'll crush you with my Burgermatic hamburger flipper! (He turns it on, but the top parts simply spins around. He throws it away.) Alright, forget the Burgermatic. Let's see how you fare against my Shrinkinator! (Perry turns it on, and Doofenshmirtz shrinks.) Curse you— (Doofenshmirtz holds up his hand to reveal it is massive.) Hey! Hey, you missed my hand! Oh, now not only am I shrunken, but I'm freakishly shrunken! Curse you, Perry the Pl— (His giant hand practically crushes himself.) Aw, this is kind of heavy.

Doofelations Season 2:63 | At the Car Wash

(Cut to Perry in backyard in front of a pile of dirt. He runs and dives into the pile, which leads to a series of tubes that eventually drop him onto his chair, which slides along a track to in front of the screen.)
Major Monogram: Way to stick that landing, Agent P. (Holds up a sign with 9.5 written on it.)
(Monogram moves aside and Carl joins him on screen, holding up an "8.5" sign.)
Major Monogram: (to Carl) Eight and a half, Carl? Really?
Carl: Well, sir, he did separate his feet a little on the reentry.
Major Monogram: Carl! Ugh! (Looking off screen) Hey is something burning over on the stove?
Carl: My spaghetti! (Runs off)
Major Monogram: (to Perry) Anywho, we've had some grave concerns. Seems there's been some extreme seismic activity in the area. We're pretty sure our old friend Doofenshmirtz is up to no good.
(Carl reenters, interrupting Monogram)
Carl: Excuse me sir. (Holding up booklet entitled "Seismic Activity and Quakes - by Carl") I wrote my sophomore thesis on quakes and seismic events. If you want you can check out my website.
Major Monogram: Ugh, Carl. Spaghetti.
Carl: Oh, that's right! (Drops booklet and runs off screen)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated ♪
(Perry walks by "Anti-Platypus Security" sign, runs down a hallway consisting of a series of dangerous traps: spiked doors, laser beams, fish, swinging blades. He opens an air vent and drops into Doofenshmirtz's apartment.)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, it looks like that anti-platypus security system was a total waste of money. I am so taking that back.
(Perry gets caught in a rope hanging from a fake palm tree and ends up dangling by his feet.)
Doofenshmirtz: Thank goodness for old reliable traps, huh?
I'm so glad you're going to hang around. (Laughs) Anyway, you arrived just in time to witness the unveiling of my latest invention. Let me introduce to you the Mountain-out-of-a-Molehill-inator. All my life, I was told, (Begin a series of flashbacks) "Don't make a mountain out of a molehill," "Don't make a mountain out of a molehill," "Don't make a mountain out of a molehill." Well now I intend to do just that. This machine will infuse electricity into a small little sphere of compressed nitrogen molecules, which I will then drop into the earth and it will make all the tiny little molehill molecules grow and grow into enormous mo-- (Stops mid-sentence) You know, it's kind of complicated. I learned about it on some kid's website. (Shows computer monitor with Carl's website on the screen.) Oh, oh, and you know what else I found on the web? It's these pictures of cats and they write these—oh, l-l-l-look at this one, "Invisible Cheeseburger". (Perry, still upside-down, looks unimpressed.) No, huh? Well, it's not for everyone, I just think they're funny. Anyway, so I take the sphere, electrify it, drop it in the ground, ta-da! Mountains! Out of molehills! (Perry unimpressed) I know when people say that, they usually mean it figuratively, it's an analogy, bu-bu-but making a point, I can do whatever I want.

(Cut to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: I put an energy whatchamacallit in here and... (pushes the remote, nothing happens. Pushes it rapidly several times, still nothing happens.) Nice. (He walks up to an electrical fuse-tank and opens a small door and gets a battery out.) Wow, these things go fast. I guess I need a new battery. (Looks in his electrical toothbrush) Nope. (Looks in a toy car.) Nope. (Looks in a flashlight.) Uh-uh. (Looks in Frankenstein's monster's head.) Not here. (Looks in a cymbal-banging monkey toy.) Nope. (Looks in his radio.) Ah! Nope. (Looks in his smoke detector.) Nope. (Looks in his alarm clock.) Nope. (Looks in Norm's butt.) No. (Cut to Doof holding a new battery.) Finally! (He loses his grip on the battery and it goes under the fridge.) Ah, dangit!! Oh, sorry, Perry, I didn't mean to get all street there. But now (bends down) it's probably got all that grease and refrigerator fluff on it. Oh, there's my retainer! (He puts it in his mouth off screen.)

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz.)
Doofenshmirtz: Alright, here we go! The energy ball is growing and... (He presses the button and the ball drops onto the platform.) Ah. Alright, time for the unstuckinator. (A giant boot crushes the inator. We pan down all the floors of the building as the energy ball goes through every one of them.) You know, in hindsight, I probably shoulda done this in the basement.
(Cut to outside the buidling where the energy ball surrounds several molehills, turning them into mountains.)

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz at several TV monitors.)
Doofenshmirtz: It's working! It's working!! And so much better than I thought it would! (Perry throws his fedora, which breaks apart some heating tunnels and drop onto the switch) All my life, everyone told me I couldn't make a mountain out of a molehill, well, everybody, take that!... (Doof gets electrocuted) (yelling)-whoaouch!
(Perry escapes from his trap, and runs onto the remote control.)
Doofenshmirtz: Why do I even bother? (The giant boot crushes Doof.)
(Perry makes his escape.)
Computer: System overload. Cliché explosion imminent.
(Perry dives down from the building and his hang-glider pops out.)
♪ Agent P! ♪
(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz under the boot.)
Doofenshmirtz: Who wears a shoe this size anyway?
(Doof and the boot fling out from the roof.)
Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, Perry the Platypus!

(Cut to the Doofenshmirtz in the Boot on a beach.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh. Ohhh, where am I? Hey, check it out! An aglet!
(The mole's giant foot goes into the boot.)
Doofenshmirtz: So this is why you shouldn't make mountains out of molehills. (The mole goes into the ocean.) Curse you, giant mole!

Doofelations Season 2:64 | Oh, There You Are, Perry

(After Candace leaves, Perry puts on his fedora again before angrily mocking Candace. He then heads to the stone-walk and enters into his lair.)
Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P. I've got bad news and good news. The bad news is you're being reassigned to a new, more evil villain. His name: The Regurgitator.
Carl: You keep pushing him down, but he keeps coming back up!
Major Monogram: That's not funny, Carl. That's just disgusting.
Carl: You laughed earlier!
Major Monogram: It was a pity laugh. Anyway, Dr. Doofenshmirtz had to be downgraded to minor threat status, and we've just assigned Agent S to his case. The good news is you've been relocated away from your host family 
(Perry looks on with a shocked look on his face.) to this new family in the Quad-State Area.Carl: (whispering) It's the other way around, sir.
Major Monogram: Oh, yes-yes, of course. Bad news is the relocation, and the good news is the new villain thing. Uh...just make sure you take your belongings from the house when you leave. (Perry looks away, depressed.)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(A door bell is heard and Doofenshmirtz walks over, clad in only a towel.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hold on, I'm coming! (He opens the door and a gift basket is sitting in outside in the hallway.) Another gift basket? (He takes a card off of it.) (reading) "We regret to inform you that due to The Regurgitator's recent evil behavior, you have been downgraded to a minor threat. If you believe this to be a mistake, please fill out the included appeal." A minor threat?! Regurgitator. Ugh, well there's a lot of weirdos out there. (He goes to his computer and types on it) Oh, here we go. He has his own blog. (He reads) "The World's Most Evil Villain"?! Who does this upstart think he is? It's time to show him who's boss! (He rushes off screen and the towel is laying on the floor, his head appears with a nervous smile as he quickly picks it up.)

(At the motel, Doofenshmirtz drives up to the entrance in his truck.)
Doofenshmirtz:' Sheesh, what a dump! (enters into the motel) (mockingly) So much for Mr. Big Shot Super-villain. (walks over to the man at the front desk) Uh, yeah hi. I'm looking for someone named... (Checks piece of paper) Mr. "The Regurgitator."
(The man rings a bell, and the front desk slides away to reveal a secret elevator. Doofenshmirtz steps inside the elevator curiously and then it goes down to the lab. He exits into a hallway and sees a blue button labeled in red text warning "DO NOT PUSH".)
Doofenshmirtz: Hmm. "Do not push". Eh.
(He stares at it for a few seconds before he pushes the button and is sucked into a vacuum tube, screaming all the way down. He lands hard on the ground in another room.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, my Heinz henie! Look at this. All this technology, a giant vacuum tube, and they can't afford a throw pillow? (notices The Regurgitator nearby) Oh, hello.
The Regurgitator: I am The Regurgitator!
(The lights flash like lightning while thunder and dramatic music is heard.)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, okay. My name is Heinz Doofenshmirtz. (pauses) Tadaa! ...Oh, I'm sorry, I don't know have the whole... Where are those lights coming from, by the way, when you do that?
The Regurgitator: You're that disturbed lunatic from Danville.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, you've heard of me?
The Regurgitator: Yes, and you've heard of me!
(Thunder, lightning and dramatic music happens again.)
Doofenshmirtz: Seriously. Where's that coming... (Notices Perry in a trap) Oh, look, you've already captured Perry the Platypus! My, you do work fast.
The Regurgitator: Why don't you fill up these forms and I'll consider you for a three-year internship. (hands him some papers before walking away.)
Doofenshmirtz: I am not here to apply for an internship. (looks at the first sheet) Ooh! You offer maternity leave.
The Regurgitator: You can start by making a fresh pot of coffee!
(Thunder, lightning, and dramatic music happens again.)

(Scene shifts to the Regurgitator's lair.)
Doofenshmirtz: What are you looking at, Perry the Platypus? This is a great job! And look at all I've accomplished. I mean, just today, I organized this evil invoices, swept his evil lair, picked up his evil dry cleaning. And look, I even had the time to do this, see? "Best Boss." And if I do a good job, I could be promoted to head assistant in just three months! Where are you gonna be in three months, huh, huh?
The Regurgitator: Never mind the three months. I'll take care of him right now!
(thunder, lighting, and dramatic music plays again)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait a minute. First of all, he's my nemesis! And you can't get rid of him now. Where's the fun in that? You need to explain your whole plan to him. Don't you have a nemesis?
The Regurgitator: Me? The world is my nemesis! (pauses before clicking some buttons on his watch) Sorry, this thing doesn't always work. The world is my nemesis!
(thunder, lightning, and music plays again)

(Scene shifts to the Regurgitator's lair)
Doofenshmirtz: Don't look at me like that, Perry the Platypus. I know what you're thinking. I-I'm not some lowly intern. I'm an evil scientist! I'm Heinz Doofenshmirtz, and he should be bowing down to me! (at the Regurgitator) Hey you, Mr. Regurgitator! Let's get things straight!
The Regurgitator: What?
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, okay. (to Perry) See that, Perry the Platypus? Compromise.
(Perry blinks)
Doofenshmirtz: Who am I kidding? Grrr. (at himself as he goes over to The Regurgitator) You can do it, you can do it, you can do it. Okay, Regurgitator! I've done everything for you. See those hard-to-reach files up there? Well I invented these rocket shoes just so you can reach them! And look at this! I even put in the self-destruct button that you forgot!
The Regurgitator: What? Why is it counting down?
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, well, I may have pressed it by mistake. But at least I didn't push the release button I installed inside Perry the Platypus's cage!
(Perry presses the release button with his foot and escapes his trap)
The Regurgitator: Look what you've done! You've pushed my buttons for the last time, you disturbed lunatic!
(Perry switches the lever from "blow" to "suck" by throwing his food bowl at it.)
The Regurgitator: Now get ready to--(gets sucked up by the vacuum tube) Aaaahhh!
Doofenshmirtz: We did it! We did it! Lo hicimos! We did it!
(Perry puts on the rocket shoes and grabs Doofenshmirtz. They go through the tube before the lair blows up. Major Monogram appears on his wrist communicator)
Major Monogram: Congratulations, Agent P. You've defeated the Regurgitator. As a matter of fact, he just landed in our prison. You can return immediately to your host family, and Dr. Doofenshmirtz is once again your nemesis.
Doofenshmirtz: So, if we're enemies again, does that mean... (Perry drops him) Aaaah! Curse you, Perry the Platypus! (tumbles before finally landing on a throw pillow) Oh, now see there, a throw pillow. You, you guys do it right!

Doofelations Season 2:65 | Swiss Family Phineas

(Cut back to the truck.)
Carl: Glad to have you back, Agent P. You lost some time, but I brought along the escape cone.
(Cut to the roof of the truck. The strawberry ice cream on top launches revealing a cone under it with Agent P riding it. When it becomes airborne, wings pop out of it. A monitor appears on the cherry.)
Major Monogram: (on monitor) Agent P, we've just received reports that Doofenshmirtz has been buying up all the laundry detergent in the Tri-State Area. We want you to find out what he's up to and put a stop to it. You'll need to use your tracking device to find him before your delicious ice cream cone melts. (Perry salutes. An island appears on the screen. Perry lands on the island.)

(Cut to Perry. The cone backfires and Perry falls down. A parachute comes out of the cherry. He lands into a volcano to see Doofenshmirtz surrounded by lots of dirty clothes.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ugh, where is Perry the Platypus? He should have been here hours ago. (Perry approaches him) Ah, Perry the Platypus. Well, y'know, I had a trap for you, but no time. (Grabs him and runs off) This one's a little complicated, okay? (He puts Perry in a chair in front of a screen.) You remember a few schemes ago when I couldn't figure out what "Big Laundry" meant? (A slide of Doofenshmirtz from "The Lake Nose Monster" appears on the screen.) Well, this! (Another slide appears) This is what I meant! I am nefariously planning to provide the entire population of the Tri-State Area with free laundry, (change slide) which will drive out of business all of the local laundromats, (change slide) freeing up prime real estate locations (change slide) for my newest franchise: the Doofenshmirtz Institute of Evilology, wherein only six weeks, students can earn a certificate in mayhem, larceny, or Ponzi schemes. (end slideshow) And I'm here in this volcano on this deserted island 'cause I get all this free monkey labor. (Whip pan to reveal a bunch of monkeys turning a wheel around.) I control them all with my Monkey-Enslave-inator helmet. And all I had to do was build one of them, because, you know, monkey see, monkey do. Hey hey! (to a monkey) Yeah, you can't put the red clothes in with the whitewash! You'll turn the whole batch into a big pink mess! (points to another area) Bright colors over there, you incompetent baboon! Literally. Okay, now what was I talking about? (Perry wheels the basket into Doofenshmirtz.)

(Cut to the volcano)
Doofenshmirtz: No, no, Perry the Platypus! (Cut to reveal Perry raveling up a towel.) Will you put that down right— (He smacks him with it) Ow! Ow, Oh that smarts! (Doofenshmirtz throws his shoe at Perry. Perry jumps as the shoe misses and hits the Monkey Enslave-inator off of the monkey. The monkeys all look angrily at Doofenshmirtz.)

(Cut back to the volcano. Perry zips across the clothesline on a hanger, somehow getting into long johns and a tux along the way. He kicks Doofenshmirtz into the wheel.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ow! Ow! Oh! (Doofenshmirtz comes out of the laundry basket dressed as a bride to Perry's groom. Perry lets him have it, but then jumps away.) That's right, run away, Perry the Pla—AAAAAAHHH!! (Doofenshmirtz falls into the giant washing machine. A bunch of monkeys on one side drop clothes into the machine.) Nice try, Perry the Plat— (Another group of monkeys drop in detergent.) Wai-wai-wait, what are you doing? Don't throw the bright colors in with the—Hey that's too much soap! (bulbs as the monkeys push the start button) Curse you, Perry the Pla—I told you no starch!
(The machine begins to bubble up. The monkeys scamper away. Perry jumps onto an ironing board, which folds when surrounded by the bubbles as Perry surfs the bubbles. The monkeys climb their way out. The volcano explodes with the pink bubbles.)
Isabella: Volcano!! (slides down a palm tree) We need to move now! (She grabs Phineas and Ferb as the bubbles take the shelter away with it.)
(Cut to Candace.)
Candace: Wait until Mom and Dad find out!
Phineas: Run, Candace! Pink lava behind you!
Candace: Pink lava?
(Candace screams and runs away as the "pink lava" chases after them, while Perry still surfs on it. Cut to Lawrence repairing the sloop.)
Lawrence: Well, that's it.
Linda: Great job fixing the ship, honey. (Cut to reveal the sloop is still on the rock.) But how are we going to get it back in the water?
Lawrence: Oh, yes, well, um...
Candace: Mom, Dad, we gotta get outta here!
Lawrence: Woo! Hurry up, kids! Women and children first!
(Isabella, Phineas, Ferb, Candace, and Linda walk up the ladder into the ship followed by Lawrence. The pink lava pushes the ship off the rock and back into shore.)
Lawrence: Kids, we're headed home!
Linda: You were magnificent, captain!
(Wide shot to reveal Perry water skiing on the ship.)
Candace: (offscreen) Can't we go any faster! Come on, steer this thing! Go go go!

Doofelations Season 2:66 | Hide and Seek

(Scene switches to Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: Good morning Agent P. We've received some disturbing calls from Doofenshmirtz.
(Recording of Doofenshmirtz's call)
Doofenshmirtz: Hello? Monogram...are you home? If you're home, please pick it up. Pick it up. Hello? Oh, I hate these machines. Okay, listen. I'm being evil and I need Perry the Platypus to come over and stop me. (Beep) Wait-- wait, did I hear a beep? Did the machine just cut me off? Oh-ah-oh I don't know what to do. You know what, I'm just going to call back.
Major Monogram: I want you to find out what he's up to and--
(Beeps; recording starts again)
Doofenshmirtz: Hello? I-- I think your machine cut me off before, what I was saying---
Major Monogram: Find out what he's up to and stop him.
(Doofenshmirtz continues rambling in the distance; Major Monogram groans)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incor--- ♪
(Perry bursts through Doofenshmirtz's door)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, Perry the Platypus, you caught me. I've been putting recyclable trash in the regular trash bin; I am so bad! You've taught me a valuable lesson. From now on, I'll be green. I'll be all the shades of green. (places circular device on Perry's back under pretense of patting it as he sees Perry out) They will call me El Verde, and tell my tale in Greenland. Goodbye now, drive safe, and thanks for busting down my door. I deserved it!

Doofenshmirtz: Activate bug eye-bot. (The bug eye-bot activates) Yes, my little robot eye, find Perry's address for me. That's right, walk towards the front door so I can see the number. Oh, it will be so delicious to know where Perry lives. I can ring his doorbell...and run away! (Laughs maniacally)
(Cut to Candace running to the Garcia-Shapiro household, she knocks on the door)

Isabella: Phineas, we've got to get to that machine across the street.
Irving: (Groaning) What's the point? We're vacuum bag filler.
Buford: Thanks for that, Captain Bring-Down.
(Group screams as Doofenshmirtz's bug descends upon them)

Doofenshmirtz: What? Some kiddie TV show? Agh, the signal must have gotten switched. (Presses buttons) Aw, and now I've lost the picture entirely. (Pause) Hm. I hope it doesn't go rogue.

Doofenshmirtz: (Pounding his computer screen) Ohh. Work! Work!
(Perry is awakened by the pounding noise coming from the robot eye, which is still lying on the floor where Buford tossed it, and slips his fedora on)
♪ Perry! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Come on. Ooh, hey, random pounding works. Oh good, we're back on the Perry show.
(Perry holds the robot eye up to his own)
Doofenshmirtz: Ahhh! All right, Perry the Platypus, could you just do me a favor and hold this up to the street address in front of-
(Perry crushes the robot eye between his fingers, removes his fedora, and returns to sleep)

Doofenshmirtz: You think you're so clever, Perry the Platypus. But for the first time in my life I can actually use a self-destruct button that I have installed! Prepare to be vaporized, Perry the Platypus!
(Doofenshmirtz presses the self-destruct button)

Doofenshmirtz: Well, that's done. And no comeuppance.
(Pause. A sad violin plays in the background)
Why do I feel so empty?

Doofelations Season 2:67 | That Sinking Feeling

(At O.W.C.A., Major Monogram and Carl are playing a rhythm game. Major Monogram is on guitar, but he isn't doing very well, and Carl plays drums)
Carl: Uh, you're gonna have to pick it up a little, sir. They're starting to boo.
Major Monogram: I've gotta hear, Carl. (A machine starts beeping nearby, signaling Perry's arrival) Oh, he's here!
(Now on screen in Perry's lair) Agent P, sorry about the delay. Doofenshmirtz is at it again, he's been frequenting hobby shops and well, Carl's worried sick. Aren't you, Carl?
Carl: Well, not really sick, sir, I am a little concerned.
Major Monogram: (Overlapping him) What did I say about contradicting me in front of the agents?
Carl: Sorry, sir.
(A beat as Perry and Major Monogram stare at each other)
Major Monogram: So, that's pretty much it. You can go, Agent P.
(Perry gets up from his chair and leaves. Major Monogram watches him go)
Major Monogram: That's it. Okay, Carl. (Sounds of the video game)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪
(Perry sneaks over to Doofenshmirtz's apartment door, leaning up against it. It flips over, landing him inside Doofenshmirtz's apartment, and ties him up with a rope)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus. You like my scale model? (Gestures to a cardboard model he has made of Danville) I even put my own little building in there, look. Look, there it is! (points at the building) Ah, yes, my home. I can still remember the day I bought it. Flashback!
(And indeed it does. Flashback to Doofenshmirtz and a seedy-looking, extremely short real estate agent proudly gesturing at homes he is selling.)
My real estate agent had already shown me hundreds of other places within my budget... (These places include a rotting old cabin, a rotting old mobile home, and a port-a-potty) ...but none of them were acceptable. (A man walks out of the port-a-potty as the real estate agent opens the door for Doofenshmirtz to look inside. Doofenshmirtz face palms) That was until he showed me this magnificent building, with a view all the way to the ocean! (Doofenshmirtz delightfully looks at the ocean view from his balcony) But the first night I realized why the price was so cheap. All night long, foghorns from passing ships would sound. I couldn't understand why all these ships were there... (Doofenshmirtz stands at his window, staring at the ocean full of ships) ...until one day, I turned my neck to the right about forty-five degrees, and there, I saw it. The Danville Lighthouse! It was attracting the ships like moths to a flame.
(Flashback ends)
So, what I am going to do is move the light house all the way over here, to the other side of town! (moves his cardboard lighthouse to the other side of the scale model) The boats will follow it, like moths following a...have I already used that, uh...that metaphor? I think I...oh, how about bees going to...whatever bees go to, or flies to...oh, let's just go with the moth thing.

(Scene switches to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated)
Doofenshmirtz: I've attached rockets to the lighthouse, so when I push this button, it will fly to the other side of town, the ships will follow, and then I can finally get some sleep!
(He pushes the button, and the lighthouse takes off. It flies madly around Danville Harbor, and the ships follow it as quickly as possible.) 
Well, I suppose I should've put some sort of steering mechanism on it, but, um, live and learn.
(Perry walks over to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? How did you escape?
(Perry beckons to him)
Doofenshmirtz: (As he bends down) What's that? (Perry punches him in the nose) Ooh! I guess I walked into that one. (He falls backwards, right onto his scale model of Danville, destroying it) Aw, man, I worked all weekend on that!
(Flashback of him gluing the buildings to the table)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, look, this staple makes a perfect little chimney. I hope Perry the Platypus appreciates all this hard work.
Vanessa: (As she walks by in the background) He won't.
Doofenshmirtz: I know!
(Flashback ends)

Doofenshmirtz: You know what, Perry the Platypus? I think it's time for you to go.
(Perry looks surprised)
Doofenshmirtz: That's right, go on! Your services are no longer required. The lighthouse is gone, and there's nothing you can do about it. So you might as well run back to Major Monogram and tell him you lost this one.
(An awkward silence as Perry uncertainly steps toward the door, looks back at Doofenshmirtz, then looks back at the door. Finally, he leaves.)
♪ Perry! ♪

(Scene shows Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc. at night)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪
Singer: ♪ After hours... ♪
Doofenshmirtz: (In his pajamas) Ah, finally, a good night's sleep. (Shuts his eyes. Crashes are heard in the background)
Doofenshmirtz: (Opens his eyes) Hmm?
(Outside Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc., ships, sailboats and motorboats surround the building, as well as the Danville Lighthouse caught through the building, as the lighthouse billows smoke from the bottom. Ship horns are also heard)
Doofenshmirtz: (With his eyes closed while yawning) Curse you, Perry the Platypus!

Doofelations Season 2:68 | The Baljeatles

(cut to Perry entering his lair through a tube; he comes out next to an usher.)
Usher: Ticket, please. (Perry hands him a ticket) Right this way! (guides Perry to his chair) Enjoy the show.
(Perry's screen shows a black-and-white film, set to ominous music, with close-ups of ticking clocks and outdoor settings before finishing with a shot of Major Monogram crying.)
Major Monogram: Evil... wait... You... await... Evil... awaits...
Carl: (offscreen) Cut, cut!
Major Monogram: Oh, come on! (to Perry) Sorry, Agent P. Carl's been taking some film classes and now believes I'm stifling his creativity as my cameraman.
Carl: (pats Monogram with a makeup sponge) Camera artist.
Major Monogram: Seems Dr. Doofenshmirtz has been buying baby supplies all over town. One could only imagine what he's doing. Two can discuss it between themselves; more than two is frankly a waste of our resources. Good luck, Agent P! (Perry leaves)
Carl: Okay, once more with feeling!
Major Monogram: The agency isn't paying for these classes, are they Carl?

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(Perry emerges from a teddy bear and an alarm goes off. The Nanny-inator enters, grabs Perry, powders and diapers him, and drops him in a playpen)
Doofenshmirtz: Awww, congratulations, it's a platypus! (laughs) What do you think of my new Nanny-inator? Nice, huh? (pushes a rocking chair up to the playpen) You know what time it is? Evil story time! (sits down) See, I wrote my new evil scheme (holds up a book titled "My Evil Plan") in pop-up book format. Once upon a time, yesterday, like a quarter to six, (opens book to page of Doofenshmirtz sitting in front of a TV) I was watching a nature documentary, and I learned how before a baby's born, its constant companion is the soothing, steady beat of its mother's heart. Even after it's born, the sound of the mother's heartbeat (turns page to a happy mother holding a baby) continues to be a safe, calming beacon to a growing child, (turns page to an annoyed mother holding a grown man) in some cases up until their early thirties. Suddenly, I was struck with a brilliant idea: (turns page to a skyline with Doofenshmirtz's heart making a loud "BUM BUM BUM" sound) to project the sound of my own heartbeat across the city, causing all the babies to believe that I am their leader! Like the Pied Piper, except... with babies, (turns page to Doofenshmirtz leading a baby army) I will have a mighty baby army, a-and no one would fight back, 'cause, you know... they're babies! (turns page to Doofenshmirtz reading to Perry with the Nanny-inator and Bum-Bum-inator, a giant heart, behind him) Finally, the time came for me to tell you my evil plan in pop-up book form, and I- Oh, I- I'm sorry, the- the book seems to have caught up to us in real time, heh-heh. Anyway, behold! The Bum-Bum-inator!

(back at D. E. I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, I'm almost ready, Perry the Platypus. (pointing to a heart monitor on his wrist) This monitor takes my pulse and transmits it to the Bum-Bum-inator, which will then broadcast my heartbeat to all the babies in the Tri-State Area. See? (the Bum-Bum-inator begins beating.) You might say I'm wearing my sleeve on my... I- I mean my heart is wearing, uh... Never mind, whatever, you get it! Ah-ha-HA-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!! (raises the Bum-Bum-inator through the roof, broadcasting the heartbeat)

(at D. E. I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, now to relax and keep my heart rate slow and steady, you know, 'cause too much excitement would cause my heart to beat too fast and short out the Bum-Bum-inator.
(Perry squirts milk from a baby bottle into his diaper, setting off the alarm and summoning the Nanny-inator)
Nanny-inator: Change time! Change time! (Perry jumps on the Nanny-inator's arm when it reaches for him, climbs out of the cage while the Nanny-inator accidentally breaks itself, and tackles Doofenshmirtz, who grunts while his heart rate rises, which makes the Bum-Bum inator beat faster, causing the music to speed up as well. Perry chases Doofenshmirtz around the room.)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, stop chasing me; I'm supposed to keep my heart rate down!

(as the final instrumental section of the song commences, Perry continues to chase Doofenshmirtz, who looks at his heart rate monitor which has his heartbeat way too fast.)
Doofenshmirtz: Uh oh. Not good. (the Bum-Bum-inator shorts out and flies across the sky, yanking Doofenshmirtz along with it) CURSE YOU, PERRY THE- (passes over the Summer Rocks stage) Wait, is that the Baljeatles?

Doofelations Season 2:69 | Vanessassary Roughness

(Scene opens up showing Vanessa and Dr. Doofenshmirtz riding on a scooter.)
Vanessa: Dad, I need a car. I can't keep riding on the back of your scooter every time I go someplace. It's totally embarrassing.
Biker: Hey, sweetheart. How'd you like to take a ride on a real bike?
Doofenshmirtz: She's sixteen!
(Doofenshmirtz zaps him with his helmet. The biker is zapped into another dimension where a giant baby alien is in a crib.)
Baby alien: (giggles) Oh, yeah!
(The alien hits the biker with his rubber hammer.)
Doofenshmirtz: You know, ever since I installed the Away-inator on my helmet, driving is fun again!

(Cut to the Flynn-Fletchers and Stacy in a car)
Phineas: Hey, Ferb, check this out. (looking at a map) The Super-Duper Megastore is the largest supplier of everything in the Tri-State Area. Heh. I know what we're gonna do today!
Candace: Well, I'm gonna buy Jeremy a gift. It's the anniversary of the very first time Jeremy and I went to Slushy Burger. He spilled a cheese dog on me and mustard got all over the place. He was so sweet.
Stacy: Hmm. Tough one. I don't think they make a card for that.
(Doofenshmirtz's scooter catches up with the Flynn-Fletcher car. Ferb notices Vanessa and opens his window. As he looks at her, flowers float by and music plays as he watches with his mouth slightly open before she drives away.)
Phineas: So Mom, what are you gonna get at the store?
Linda: I need a 25-pound tub of mayonnaise and 80 pounds of potatoes to make potato salad for the bridge club.
Phineas: (Puts away his map) Wow. That's a lot of potato salad.
Linda: (Parks the car) Remember to meet me back at the car in three hours. (Everyone leaves the car)

(Outside the superstore)
Doofenshmirtz: (takes off his helmet) If you want a car, (Vanessa takes off her helmet) you're going to have to prove to me that you're responsible, that you can do things by yourself.
Vanessa: How could I do that when I'm always on the back of your scooter?
Doofenshmirtz: (Walks into the superstore) It's a conundrum, isn't it?

(Back inside the superstore, one of the dogs drops a bone which is an OWCA communication device)
Major Monogram: (talking from a screen set into the bone) Psst. Agent P. Agent P. (Perry puts on his fedora) Down here. (Camera zooms into the bone) It's the new dog bone communicator. Pretty clever, huh?
Carl: I thought of it, Agent P.
Major Monogram: Carl, I'm trying to use the bone. (to Perry) Anyway, Agent P, we've learned that Dr. Doofenshmirtz is shopping for parts to build another one of his outlandish devices. Put a tail on him.
(Perry climbs on the backs of three dogs to jump over the wall and emerges into the clothing department. He notices Phineas and Ferb coming; runs to get some pants, a shirt, brown shoes, and some glasses; and runs into the fitting room. He comes out looking like the guy standing by the fitting room)
("Fabulous" instrumental)
Man: You look fabulous!

Vanessa: So I've got to find some way to prove to you I'm responsible. There must be an easier way to earn a car.
Doofenshmirtz: You know what they say about taking the easy way.
Vanessa: What do they say?
Doofenshmirtz: Well, I could tell you, but that would be taking the easy way, and you know what they say about that. Ooh, look! Pizzazium Infinionite!
Vanessa: What's that?
(Doofenshmirtz plays an old film about it on the nearby projector)
Film Speaker: You've heard of hydrogen. You may know boron. But of all the elements on the periodic table, none is more fascinating and less abundant than Pizzazium Infinionite. Pizzazium Infinionite was first discovered by fortune hunters fifty years ago in the year 1894. No one is really sure what it does, but look to the future for hover vehicles powered by Pizzazium Infinionite, in the world of tomorrow!
Doofenshmirtz: See? That's what it is.
Vanessa: Where did you get the...
Doofenshmirtz: It's gone! Someone took the last one!

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, great. Now I have to scour this whole place and find the Pizzazzium and probably have to wrench it out of the hands of some random shopper.
(Camera pans to Perry peering around a shelf then back to Doofenshmirtz and Vanessa)
Vanessa: Wait, Dad. I can do this for you. I can go find this--this Pizzazzium thing and prove to you that I can be responsible. That I can do things on my own. Then you can get me my own car, right?
Doofenshmirtz: I don't know. Are you sure you can...
Vanessa: Of course I can. I'm me. It'll be a piece of cake.
Doofenshmirtz: We'll see.
Vanessa: (sing-song) I'm not hearing a no.
Doofenshmirtz: (sing-song) I'm not saying a yes. (pause) Here, you can take this Pizzazzium locator. It'll help.
(Perry ducks out of sight)

(Cut to Perry running away with the Pizzazzium Infinionite tube. Suddenly, Doofenshmirtz comes out of an aisle and they collide, causing the tube of Pizzazzium Infinionite tube to become airborne and fall to the ground via escalator.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey buddy, watch where you're... Say, you look fabulous. (a brief clip of "Fabulous" plays) Haven't I seen you somewhere before? (Perry chatters then flees the scene) No need to get huffy, you ran into me!

(Vanessa runs along a hall with the Pizzazium, but Perry, behind a crate, uses a pole with a clip to snatch it. Perry slips back through the narrow gap but is promptly rammed by Doofenshmirtz's full cart. The Pizzazium falls through a grate into a vent; Vanessa runs down the stairs after it and jumps into the ball pit, where it has landed.)
Vanessa: (searching through the ball pit) Ugh, I hope nobody sees me in here.
(A loud vacuuming noise is heard. Vanessa looks up and sees Ferb using a vacuum to clear the ball pit, but ducks under the balls as Linda walks past.)
Linda: Ferb, honey, aren't you a little old to be playing in the ball pit?
Ferb: Yes, yes I am.
Linda: Okay then. (walks away; Vanessa emerges from under the balls)
Vanessa: Your name is Ferb?
Ferb: Well yes, it's short for... (the vacuum pulls up the Pizzazium) Oh, here it is.
Vanessa: (grabs Pizzazium and runs out of the pit) Thanks, Ferb! See you around!

Doofenshmirtz: (walking up to a lawn mower with a sign above it) Push button, start mower. Does this really work?
(Doofenshmirtz pushes the button; the mower drives off on its own. He walks away with a "nothing happened" look.)

(Vanessa comes off an escalator just as Buford and Baljeet ride past on their cart)
Baljeet: I will take that!
(Baljeet snatches the Pizzazium and turns to see Candace and Stacy chasing them on roller skates. As they pass one aisle, the lawn mower starts chasing them. They all scream as they pass the massage chairs.)
Phineas: Ferb, my fingers look just like snakes!
(Perry uses a tennis ball launcher to shoot himself past Baljeet just as the chase passes, grabbing the Pizzazium.)
Doofenshmirtz: (at a "Mystic Eye" table) Oh, it's one of those 3D things. (holds up the picture) I can hardly see the... (Perry crashes through the picture, dropping the Pizzazium) Oop, there it is.

(At the top of the escalator)
Vanessa: Well, Ferb. You certainly know how to show a girl a good time! (holds up the Pizzazium) I've gotta get this to my dad immediately. (Ferb throws the Pizzazium into the tennis ball launcher, which fires) Whoa! (the Pizzazium bounces and rolls past Doofenshmirtz, in line at the checkout counter, to the entrance of the store; Doofenshmirtz gleefully picks it up) Well, that worked.
Doofenshmirtz: I got it! I got it! (Perry moves the alarm sensor at the entrance, causing the security alarm to go off) I got it! (two security guards show up)
Security guard: Excuse me sir, you know you have to pay for this. (takes the Pizzazium)
Doofenshmirtz: I was! I was going to pay!
Security guard: Tell it to the judge.
Doofenshmirtz: Don't worry, guys, we'll- we'll get this all straightened out. Va- Vanessa! Vanessa... (the guards drag him away) No no, you can't take me, I don't have anyone to curse!

Doofelations Season 2:70 | No More Bunny Business

(Scene switches to Agent P's lair, where Agent P has just sat down to receive his mission briefing)
Major Monogram: Agent P, Doofenshmirtz is up to his usual shenanigans, but we have a more serious problem. There's a rogue agent on the loose, and he's in your area. Carl's working with our field agents...to create a composite sketch.
(Carl is seen with Agent D, with its right paw in a sling, and Agent O, with its left leg in a cast, as suspects. He finishes a sketch of the rogue agent and brings it to Monogram, but it looks crude)
Carl: Finished, sir!
Major Monogram: Carl? You said you could draw! (He crumbles the paper and sends Carl out of the room) (to Perry) I'm sorry, Agent P. In the meanwhile, he may try to find one of your secret passages and infiltrate your lair where he could hack into our mainframe. So, be on the lookout for any suspicious characters.
♪ Perry! ♪

(Scene switches to Doofenshmirtz Evil, Incorporated)
Doofenshmirtz: "Ah, Perry the Platypus! How unexpected for you to burst in my nefarious..." (Looks at a script) Nefarious? No, it's not. It's too much, even for me.
(Close-up of the script)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus is due any second. (checking the time on his watch) Hey, it's getting a little late. Where is he?
(Walks to the balcony through a roll-up door)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, who needs him? He never does anything until after I tell him my plans. He just stands there like a potted plant. (pauses, then notices a potted plant) In fact... (places a folded newspaper hat on the plant) Ah, Planty the Potted Plant. How unexpected! (pushes a button) I'd invite you to foil my latest scheme, (A rope comes down from a vent) but I can see you're all tied up. (Planty gets captured) You see, I don't even need Perry the Platypus!

(Scene switches to Doofenshmirtz Evil, Incorporated)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, Planty the Potted Plant, since you're just hanging around.... (chuckles) Let me demonstrate the brilliant evil-losity of my latest inven...
(dogs barking)
Doofenshmirtz: Grr. You see? See, that's what I'm talking about. Ever since those condos next door started     
allowing pets, it's been driving me bonkers! All day and all night with the barking, barking, barking! (pulls the lever) Oh, that is why I created my latest masterpiece of evil... giant Dog-Biscuit-inator!
(dogs continue barking)
Doofenshmirtz: Thank you! Thank you for my point for me! (to Planty) Now, I'll cover it with an irresistible gravy coating, (covers the biscuit in gravy) and then it will take off and soar through town, getting all the dogs to chase after it until they follow it right off the edge of the Tri-State area! (smiles smugly) Well, Planty the Potted Plant. Pretty clever, eh? (pauses, then pushes Planty away) Don't give me that look. Prepare to launch...
(Planty swings back, hitting Doofenshmirtz on the back of his head)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, how did you do that? (Gets hit on back of his head again) Ow! Ow! Come out in the open where I can... Ow!
(Dogs bark as the scent begins traveling towards the condos)

(Scene switches to inside Doofenshmirtz Evil, Incorporated, where everything is in ruins)
Doofenshmirtz: (Sighs wearily) Well, Planty the Potted Plant. You have proven yourself quite the adversary. Why don't we just...call this one a draw? (Plops himself against the door) I'm kind of pooped.
(Doofenshmirtz gets flattened when a horde of dogs bursts in, following the scent of the gravy)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah! Curse you, Planty the Potted Plant!
(The dogs bark and eat the biscuit)

Doofelations Season 2:71 | Spa Day

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Bills, bills, bills. Ooh, half off at Slushy Burger. Keepers...
(cat meowing)
Doofenshmirtz: (gasps) Aw, what a little cutie. .... What's a cute little love bug like you doing out here all by yourself? .... I'll call you Mr. Fluffy Pants because you're fluffy and you look like you're wearing pants. Plus, you remind me of my uncle Fluffy Pants.
(a painting of Fluffy Pants Doofenshmirtz appears on the screen)

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: Aw, he's such a cute little kitty. That's right. That's right. He loves his tuna fish. Yes, you eat that and I'll be over here working on my latest project. (pushes a button; chuckles) I'm painting.
Mr. Fluffy Pants: (Meows)
Doofenshmirtz: Aw, I see you found my blueprints.
Mr. Fluffy Pants: (Purrs)
Doofenshmirtz: You like those? You like...? (the little kitty proceeds to start shredding the blueprints) No! No, not my blueprints! (beeping) No!
Mr. Fluffy Pants: (Jumps up and down on the controller.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, no! What are you doing? I worked all... (blubbering) No, not the Gloom-inator! No, no! Get off, get off!
(The Gloom-inator fires a blue beam at the sun. Gray clouds then covers up the sky.)

(Scene switches to the kitchen where Perry looks around to see if anyone is coming. He then puts on his fedora, opens the trash can, and dives into it.)
Major Monogram: Uh, say, Carl, have you seen my parachute pants?
Carl: Yes, they're very nice, sir.
Major Monogram: That's not what I meant.
Carl: I know, sir, I was making a joke.
Major Monogram: Oh, that's.... Of course. That's very funny.
Carl: Thank you, sir.
Major Monogram: So, where are they?
Carl: I'll go get them.
(At that moment, Perry enters his lair and lands on his chair.)
Major Monogram: Agent P, you're... you're here. Ahem. The, uh, Tri-State Area is mired in gloom and we believe Doofenshmirtz is behind it. We thought he retired the Gloom-inator, so this one is a big question mark. I'm sure you'll know what to do, Agent P.
(Perry salutes)
So, Carl, how are we doing on those pants?
Carl: Did you want the ones with the triangles or the imitation paint splatters?
Major Monogram: Triangles. And make it snappy. (pauses) I got the urge to pop and lock.

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: No, no, don't touch the... Oh, get away from that, you bad, bad kitty! No, not the Erase-inator!
(Mr. Fluffy Pants leaps onto the Erase-inator and lands on its button. A green laser hits a billboard for Fitzal's Hats, which then disappears.)
Doofenshmirtz: Not the Bigger-inator!
(While he says that, the mischievous cat jumps onto the aforesaid -inator and activates it. The moon gets hit by a green laser and immediately increases in size.)
No! Look what you did to the moon! It's huge! It's... Uh... It's... Uh... It's actually kinda pretty.
(In the background, the door slams open and the camera pans to reveal that Perry kicked it down.)
Perry the Platypus!
(Perry folds his arms and glares at Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: (while gesturing and waving his arms around) No, no. You think I did all this...
(Camera pans to Perry, who raises an eyebrow and then blinks.)
Doofenshmirtz: It wasn't me, I tell you. (points to Mr. Fluffy Pants) It was Mr. Fluffy Pants.
(Perry glares at Doofenshmirtz again and then looks to where the white-and-black cat is innocently sleeping in his bed.)
I call him Mr. Fluffy Pants. You know, he's fluffy, he looks like he's got pants. Plus, he reminds me of my Uncle Fluffy Pants.
(Once again, the painting of Fluffy Pants Doofenshmirtz appears on the screen. Only this time the camera pans back to reveal that he's wearing white boxer shorts with pink hearts on it.)
Doofenshmirtz: Who never actually wore any pants. Come to think of it, I don't know why we called him that.
Hmm. Anyway, I just love giving people nicknames. For instance, you're Mr. Duck-Bill Face. And Major Monogram, I call him "Monobrow". (laughs) That's a good one, you know, because he's... He's got the one, you know? And his little friend, the intern, is Dr. Coconut. (pauses) Yeah. Sometimes I wish I didn't know so much.
(After he finished speaking, Perry leaps up, punches him in the face, and then jumps down onto the floor.)

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, I keep telling you; it's not me, it's him. (points to the right) Look over there. Look.
(Camera pans to Mr. Fluffy Pants, who's sitting on the Erase-inator. He meows then presses the button with a paw.)

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: See? See, I told you it wasn't me.
(Mr. Fluffy Pants meows and then falls off of the Erase-inator. Luckily, he caught the end of it with his front paws.)
Doofenshmirtz: No! Mr. Fluffy Pants! (he grabs the cat just in the nick of time) Wait! Wait, wait, wait! Oh, that was close, Mr. Fluffy Pants. You almost... (screaming) You know, I think you're more trouble than you're worth.
(Perry dives off of the building, the parachute opens, and he catches both Doofenshmirtz and Mr. Fluffy Pants.)
♪ Perry! ♪

(In the next scene, Doofenshmirtz and Mr. Fluffy Pants are safe on the sidewalk thanks to Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: Aw, he seems okay. He seems so lovely-dovey.
Boy: My cat. I've been looking all over for him. (holds up a missing poster)
Doofenshmirtz: (after a long pause) Ah, I'm going to have to do the right thing here, aren't I? Fine. Here you go.
(Doofenshmirtz hands Mr. Fluffy Pants, or rather Mr. Cat, to its rightful owner.)
Crowd: Aw!
(Camera pans out to reveal that a crowd had gathered to witness the event.)
Doofenshmirtz: Don't you people have jobs?

Doofelations Season 2:72 | Phineas and Ferb's Quantum Boogaloo

(Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Future Doofenshmirtz: I finally got you, Perry the Platypus. The end game is finally he-ere. (plays checkers) Oh wait, I moved one piece. (sees Future Perry sleeping) I'll just put it back.
(Future Perry wakes and throws his denture over him)
AAAAAH! AAAAHHHH!!

Past Doofenshmirtz: It's no use! It's no use; we are doooooomed!

(on the helicopter)
Intercom: This is Base to Chopper One, some kids built a rollercoaster through downtown, get some video.
Pilot: Roger that.
(the helicopter leaves, making Perry unable to aim his grapnel on it)
(the tin foil destroys the building, bringing Perry with it)
Past Doofenshmirtz: (jumps to safety) I'm ALIVE!!!

BAD Future Candace: I can't believe this is Danville. Hello? What happened to the museum?
Man: Didn't you get the new ShmirtzMail? It's the new doofen-law. Law number six million and seven: "All museums that aren't about Doofenshmirtz are to be dismantled." Hey, why aren't you wearing your lab coat?
Bad Future Candace: Uhh, I've gotta go see my children. (leaves)
Man: Children? There are no children allowed anymore.
Bad Future Candace: How long have I been away? That's strange. Joe's, Joe's, Joe's, Joe's...
Joe #1: Hi Joe.
Joe #2: Hello, Joe.
Joe #3: (to Bad Future Candace) Pardon me, Joe. You haven't seen my wife Joe, or my friends Joe and Joe?
Bad Future Candace: Uhh, no?
Joe #3: Thanks anyway, Joe.
Bad Future Candace: Why is everyone named Joe?
Joe #4: (laughs) Why else? So Emperor Doofenshmirtz need not bother remembering names.
Bad Future Candace: And who is...?
Joe #4: (Gasps) I said too much. I said too much! AAAAHHH!!
Bad Future Candace: Who the heck is Doofenshmirtz?! (goes to a library) That's odd. I've got to find out what happened in the last twenty years. (activates a hologram projector)
Voice: Our glorious dystrophy began one summer afternoon when two local boys were caught building and riding a dangerous rollercoaster. The rightful reaction by concerned parents groups was to stop all creativity in young people before someone got hurt. Everything fun and unique was gleefully banned! Dangerous swing sets were re-made into dismal hospital beds. Coloring books were colored in ahead of time. And inside the lines. Eventually children themselves were child-proof and stored away until adulthood. Yes, oppressive beauty and happiness were gratefully replaced by the glimmering cesspool we wallow in today. A demoralized Tri-State Area cried out to be oppressed, and that cry was answered by one hero...
(Bad Future Doofenshmirtz appears on the hologram, laughing evilly)
...Emperor Doofenshmirtz!
Bad Future Doofenshmirtz: (on hologram) Aagh, get back to work!
Bad Future Candace: So this is all my fault! I've got to stop this.
Librarian: Excuse me, Joe. Lab coat must be worn at all times.

(Bad Future Candace runs out, passing an Evil Doofenshmirtz statue)
Joe #5: Sir, a woman just ran past your statue there without basking in your awful glory.
Bad Future Doofenshmirtz: Aagh, Joe You're such a tattletale.
Joe #5: Well, yeah. It's my job description: Tattle Tale.
Bad Future Doofenshmirtz: Quiet! I need to address the populous. Attention, underlings! People often ask me: "Doof, how does it feel to wield such absolute power?" Well I tell ya.

(headquarters)
Bad Future Major Monogram: Agent P, another failed mission. It's gotten really hard to defeat Doofenshmirtz ever since we swore that oath to obey him.
Bad Future Carl: Major Monogram, I've detected a temporal anomaly in quadrant four which means a time machine was recently used there.
Bad Future Major Monogram: That's it! Agent P, you've got to get to that time machine and go back to the past, right before that giant tin foil ball put you in a full body cast for eighteen months. That's when Doofenshmirtz got the upper hand and it's been downhill ever since. This is our chance to fix it.
(Bad Future Doofenshmirtz appears on the screen)
Bad Future Doofenshmirtz: Oh wait, Perry the Platypus. Change of plans; instead of doing that, DON'T. All right, see you later. Remember the oath!
(Bad Future Perry loses hope)
Bad Future Major Monogram: Curse that oath!

(they both go to the time machine which was just rolled over by the giant tin foil)
Past Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, Perry the Platypus!
Future Candace: Okay, that was weird.
Bad Future Candace: Now when the machine is shot, how do we get back?
Bad Future and Future Candace: Phineas and Ferb.

Doofelations Season 2:73 | Phineas and Ferb Musical Cliptastic Countdown

TV Announcer: From the PFT studio in marginally attractive downtown Danville, animated live in front of a studio audience, it's the Phineas and Ferb Musical Cliptastic Countdown! And now, our hosts, from opposite ends of the moral, ethical and philosophical spectrum, Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz and Major Francis Monogram!
Major Monogram: Hello Danville!
Doofenshmirtz: Yes, we're taking a break from our usual hostili—hold on, I've gotta go back one. Your first name is Frances?
Major Monogram: Yes. Spelled with an i.
Doofenshmirtz: "Spelled with an i? Wouldn't that be "Frinces?"
Major Monogram: No, F-R-A-N-C-I-S. It's the masculine spelling.
Doofenshmirtz: Francis?
Major Monogram: Yes. Anyway, we're not here to discuss my name. We're here because kids all over the world logged on to vote for their favorite Phineas and Ferb music videos. And we're countin' 'em down! Starting with number 10. Are ya ready, Dr. D?
Doofenshmirtz: Fran, Frances, Franny. Yes, very macho.
Major Monogram: You see, this is why I just go by "Major".

Major Monogram: So how did you like that one D-man?
Doofenshmirtz: Too loud. Kids today with their rock and roll.
Major Monogram: Well, here's a deaf jam that's really kicking it old school.
Doofenshmirtz: You know that street lingo thing? You can't really pull that off.
Major Monogram: Oh, roll number nine.
Doofenshmirtz: Just telling you as a friend!

Major Monogram: Okay then, let's throw it over to my partner in crime. Not that I would perpetrate a crime with him of course, I'd never... (at Carl) Carl! Who wrote these cue cards?
Carl: Agent M, sir.
(Camera pans to Agent M, a monkey, who's typing on a typewriter)
Doofenshmirtz: What's that all about? He's using a typewriter. When was the last time you saw someone using a typewriter? What is this, 1987?
Major Monogram: Well...
Doofenshmirtz: You realize that most of the kids watching this show have never even seen a typewriter, right?
Major Monogram: We're on a budget.
Doofenshmirtz: So you went to an antique store...
Major Monogram: Moving on. Number eight; roll tape!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, so you got tape, you're not just using film, or-or hand shadows...

Doofenshmitz: Okay, so I figured I couldn't come here empty-handed, so I brought a little something for all of us to enjoy! Behold, the Music Video Clip-inator!
(Crowd oohs)
Doofenshmirtz: You see, when I was a small boy, my parents would never let me watch music videos...
Major Monogram: No no! We don't have time for an emotionally scarring back-story.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, maybe I should give you an emotionally scarring front-story!
(Doofenshmirtz walks off)
Major Monogram: Okay, that doesn't even make any sense.
(Camera pans out to show Doofenshmirtz in a monster truck)
Doofenshmirtz: It doesn't have to, I got a monster truck! Wooohooo!
(Drives off, Monogram stares for a second)
Major Monogram: Video number-
(Doofenshmirtz drives past, cutting him off)
Doofenshmirtz: Number 7!
Major Monogram: (wincing in pain) That was my foot!

Doofenshmirtz: What Francis doesn't know is that this isn't just a Music Video Clip-inator, it's really a Music Video Mind-Control-inator! AHAHAHAHAHAHA- (Notices crowd, maniacal music stops abruptly) Oh... I didn't say Mind-Control-inator, I said... Mimes control my gators! See, look over there! (Pan out to see two mimes performing in front of two alligators) And you thought I was making it up! Now, onto video number 6!

Doofenshmirtz: Don't go away, folks. When we come back, we'll have the final four. (He pauses and holds up three fingers. He realizes his mistake and holds up four. The crowd laughs) Plus, a special video that will ENSLAVE THE TRI-STATE AREA!! HAHAHA... I mean... engrave my pie-plate carrier! (pauses and picks up pie plate carrier) Look, it's silver! It was a wedding gift. I got it in the divorce! That's right ladies, I'm available!

Doofenshmirtz: Wait, you're getting paid for this? I have to do this for community service! I gotta do like, 200 hours!
Major Monogram: This show is only half an hour long.
Doofenshmirtz: I have to do this 400 times?
Major Monogram: Oh, and we're back. We're counting down the top 10 Phineas and Ferb music videos from Season 1, as picked by you, the viewers.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, you are definitely buying lunch.
Major Monogram: So, here's a little number I like to call four.

Major Monogram: Tubular. If I'd been wearing socks, they would've rocked right off.
Doofenshmirtz: You're not really wearing socks?
Major Monogram: Well, but not at the moment. (at Carl) Carl, how are my socks coming?
(Camera pans to Carl, who's drying Monogram's socks with a hair dryer)
Carl: Almost done, sir.
Major Monogram: Well, here's video number 3.

Major Monogram: Fantastical. (at Doofenshmirtz) Say, Doofenshmirtz, what'cha working on over here?
Doofenshmirtz: Your doom. (drops a cage on Monogram)
Major Monogram: Great googly-moogly. (at Carl) Carl, get me Agent P.
Carl: (off-screen) He's in the green room, sir.
Major Monogram: Well, that should be easy then. Please enjoy music video number 2.

Doofenshmirtz: (laughing maniacally) Now my ultimate triumph is in hand! Prepare to be hypnotized by a video scientifically created to get stuck in your heads, forever!

(Song: My Name is Doof)
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ My name is Doof, ♪
♪ And you'll do what I say, ♪
♪ Whoop whoop! ♪
♪ My name is Doof, ♪
♪ And you'll do what I say, ♪
♪ Whoop whoop! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ My name is Doof, ♪
♪ And you'll do what I say, ♪
♪ Whoop whoop! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ My name is- ♪
(Perry crashes in)
Major Monogram: Avert your ears, Agent P! Cover your ears!
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ My name is Doof, ♪
♪ And you'll do what I say, ♪
♪ Whoop whoop! ♪
♪ My name is Doof, ♪
♪ And you'll do what I say, ♪
♪ Whoop whoop! ♪
♪ My name-- ♪

Doofenshmirtz: No, no, no, no, oh, get back in there! Wait why isn't..? What? Perry the Platypus? I swear, of all the aquatic mammals I hang with, you are truly the most uncooperative!

Doofenshmirtz: It's working! It's working!
Major Monogram: Oh no, Agent P! It's stuck in their heads! We need something even more catchy to counteract it! But what could we...
(Perry opens the curtains, revealing a monitor)
Agent P? Agent P, this is no time for decorating. (looks at monitor) Ohh, I see.
Doofenshmirtz: No! Not the number one requested Phineas and Ferb song! New extended version, never before seen. Not that!

Major Monogram: Great job, Agent P. You stopped Doofenshmirtz, saved the Tri-State Area, and finished the music video countdown. (at the camera) Well, thanks for tuning in, folks. We'll see ya next time. (at Doofenshmirtz, who is now trapped in the cage) Say good night, Doofenshmirtz.
Doofenshmirtz: You know, someday I'll get out of this cage, but your name will still be Francis.

Doofelations Season 2:74 | Bubble Boys

(Perry enters his lair. Lights are off and everything is black)
Major Monogram: Shh! Quiet, Carl! He's coming!
(Lights come on, revealing the room filled with balloons)
Major Monogram/Carl: Surprise!
Carl: Alright!
Major Monogram: Happy Birthday, Agent P! (blows into kazoo) (awkward pause) It's not your birthday, is it? (Perry shakes his head) Are we close?
Carl: Told ya!
Major Monogram: Put a sock in it, Carl! (clears throat) I, uh, was a bit too busy planning your party, so I'm not sure what Doofenshmirtz is up too, but I am sure that it's no good. Get to the bottom of it!

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪
(Perry enters the building)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus, I'm so glad you're here. I did get your invite to your birthday party over the internet, and naturally, I couldn't go, since it was most likely a trap. Anyway, I got you this. (hands Perry a birthday card) It's just a card, but here you go. (card traps Perry) Surprise! Haha! I finally figured out why my evil schemes always fail. You see, I am totally, completely, unlikeable. No, really, so I asked myself, "what are the two most liked things on the planet?" The answer? Country music and western music. So now, I'm bringing them together for the first time. I'm calling it "Country and Western Music." I know, I know. I'm brilliant, right?

Doofenshmirtz: I know what you're thinking, "But Doof, you have a terrible singing voice! Well, feast your eyes on this little baby! (unveils a cowboy hat) Ta-da! I call it the Yodelinator! Pretty cool, eh? Oh, right. You just think it's a big cowboy hat. It's so much more! (presses a button on the hat) See? Huh? See? It's designed to make my singing voice sweet and mellifluous. So, my first gig is in an hour. Come on, you can help me hand out fliers. Everyone's going to (singsong) love me!

(At the park concert)
Cowboy singer: Thank you, everyone! Thank you very much!
Doofenshmirtz: I'm next, Perry the Platypus. After this concert, I will be the most well liked man in the Tri-State Area!
(He goes onstage and begins strumming his guitar)


(Everyone gets up and leaves while chatting)
Person 2: You can't mix country and western! They's two completely different types of music!
Person 4: That song was horrible!
Person 5: Yeah, those lyrics was way too on the nose!
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, that wasn't as successful as I'd hoped.... (grabs jet-pack and puts it on) but at least I can beat a hasty retreat before I'm too humiliated!
(He revs up the jet-pack and it shoots into the sky, tearing his clothes off and leaving him in his underwear and socks. The underwear is patterned with Agent P heads. Agent P notices this and gives him a dumb look)
Doofenshmirtz: Huh? (laughs nervously) For your information, I had these way before I met you. (jet-pack shoots by and he walks away) (Halfheartedly) Okay, see you tomorrow.

Doofelations Season 2:75 | Isabella and the Temple of Sap

Doofelations Season 2:76 | Cheer Up Candace

(Perry robot walks over to a dog house, opens a false door, and walks into his lair. Two large animals with fedoras stand behind him.)
Major Monogram: Agent P, uuh, well, due to your...reprehensible behavior over the past few days, (screen changes to Perry robot kicking over a trash can) which I can barely believe is even possible (changes to fake Perry stealing cash out of a truck) from an agent of your caliber, (changes to fake him throwing money out the window of a car, then to him eating cereal at his host family's table but that Doofenshmirtz's home and Doofenshmirtz's table)  who has learned nothing but the best in his field I, uhh, uh, actually, I don't know what's particularly bad about this clip here, but, we have no choice but...
Carl: Why? Why'd you do it?
Major Monogram: Not yet, Carl. Wait till I'm done here. (to Perry) You are officially.. discharged. (to Carl) Okay, now, Carl.
Carl: Why? Why'd you do it?
Major Monogram: Cuff him, boys.
(Perry pulls hands back, presses a button, and then flies to the back of his lair.)
Major Monogram: Red alert! Red alert! Renegade agent on the run!
(Agents chase Perry, a duck carries a chair with him.)

(Perry's watching one of his lookalikes carry a garbage bag into Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated. He then climbs to the top of the building to find Dr. Doofenshmirtz with Perry lookalikes.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey fellas! Look who decided to make an appearance. (to Perry) You see, it occurred to me that what I really should be doing is fighting fire with fire. And by fire, I mean Perry the Platypus. And by fire, I ALSO mean Perry the Platypus. It occurred to me while I was on fire. I made a bunch of doppelgangers to discredit and totally destroy you. Behold the Plata-Proliferator-inator!
(Shows his invention, a clone of Perry comes out; Doofenshmirtz points to different platypuses.)
Doofenshmirtz: Meet Terry the Platypus, and say hello to Larry the Platypus, and say aloha to Jerry the Platypus. (shows distorted Perry lookalike) Yeah, he was the first one out of the batch, but you know, he was so cute, I couldn't bear to...(Jerry hits Doofenshmirtz with the pipe he was drooling on) Ow! Ow! No, no Jerry you cannot hit people, you do not... (Jerry hits him again) No, use your words Jerry. (talks to the Perry lookalikes) Anyway, all you guys, go get him!
(Perry grabs a pipe and starts swinging it around. He takes out a couple of the Perry lookalikes, then is wrestled to the ground by six of them. Camera pans to Doofenshmirtz and Jerry sitting with some popcorn, watching.)
Doofenshmirtz: Yes!
(Perry pushes all of the lookalikes off of him)
Doofenshmirtz: Awwwww.

(Perry is still fighting his lookalikes. He jumps onto the lawn chair Jerry was on and flings him towards the Plata-Proliferator-inator. Jerry hits the reverse button, and all of the lookalikes are sucked in. Perry also jumps on Doofenshmirtz's chair, flinging him towards the machine, which then overloads the machine, causing it to explode.)
Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, Perry the Platypus!

Doofelations Season 2:77 | Fireside Girl Jamboree

(Cut to reveal Agent P flipping a floorboard and going down. He ends up in the basement instead. He walks up the stairs and searches for the floorboard that works. He flips it and drops into his lair.)
Major Monogram: Morning, Agent P. We're not sure what Doofenshmirtz is up to, but we're sending you to his lab. (Puts on a pair of safety goggles) And we're using this new transporter device we've been working on. It's not approved for testing on humans yet, so you get to try it out first. (Perry gets a worried look on his face.) Good luck, Agent P. Carl, fire it up!
(The device rises from the floor near Perry's seat and zaps him away.)

(Wipe to later that day. Perry gets zapped somewhere in Danville. He looks at his wrist communicator.)
Major Monogram: (on watch) Uh, Agent P, we've teleported you three feet too far to the right.
(Cut to wide shot of D.E.I. to reveal Perry in midair too far from the building. He falls and launches his grappling hook on the balcony.)
♪ Perry ♪
♪ Doo bee doo bee doo bah— ♪
(Perry steps on a button. He dodges the falling trap.)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus?! Do you even realize how much trouble it is to set a trap?! And for what?! You just jump out of the way!
(Perry's watch beeps.)
Major Monogram: (on watch) Ah, here we go. We've recalibrated the teleporter.
(Perry gets zapped right into the trap.)
Doofenshmirtz: (scratching his head) I don't know what just happened, but I like it. Now, with you safely inside the cage, (pushes a button on a remote) I can unveil my new device of doom. (the inator rises from the floor) Behold, the Metal-Destructinator!

(Cut to Doof and Perry)
Doofenshmirtz: So let me explain my new evil scheme. A while back, my doctor put me on a low-carb diet, but I still can't lose those last ten pounds. (Lifts his shirt up revealing his rather large gut. Puts his shirt back down.) Every time I get close to my goal, there's this knocking at the door.

(Flashback to Doof running on his treadmill when a knock is heard at the door. He turns the treadmill off.)
Doofenshmirtz: Who is it?
(He opens the door to reveal Milly and Katie.)
Milly: Fireside Girls. Would you like to buy some of our cupcakes?
Doofenshmirtz: Cupcakes you say? I-I really shouldn't. I should get back to my exercise. I'm almost down to my goal.
Milly: Oh, we understand. Have a nice—
Doofenshmirtz: (swiping the log out of her hands and giving her money) Alright, you talked me into it!
Milly: Thanks!
(End flashback)

Doofenshmirtz: So with my weakness for high-carb sweets, there's really no other choice but to get rid of the bridge to the Fireside cupcake factory. And my Metal-Destructinator can turn any metal object into broccoli. I know what you're thinking, why broccoli? But, w-well, y'know, it's healthy. It's like the opposite of what I'm trying to get— It's—It's poetic justice. It's—Well, it's not—not justice, exactly... Poetic evil. It's poetically evil. Now, to make some last-minute adjustments... (hums)
(Perry begins to unscrew his trap.)

(Pan over to D.E.I. Cut to Perry finally loosening the screw.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ready to fire. (Perry flings the screw out of one of the holes of the trap with his tail. It hits the inator and then hits Doof in the eye.) Ow! (He suddenly turns the inator aiming it at the trap. The metal bars turn into broccoli. Perry jumps onto Doof.) Ow! Yeah! Oh! (Perry pushes Doof's face into the inator several times.) Quit it, you annoying little pest! (The inator fires.)
(Cut to the rollerocaster.)
Phineas: Last one!
(The inator zaps the rollercoaster, which gets turned into broccoli.)
Phineas: Woohoo!
(Phineas and Isabella laugh as they fall to the ground and land on the broccoli.)
Phineas: Wow, that was fun.
Candace: Fun?! Are you nuts?! And how did a rollercoaster turn into broccoli?! And why broccoli?! How does that make any sense?!
Phineas: Candace, focus. You've still got five minutes and it's 20 blocks away. So, uh...good luck with that. (gives her the log)
Candace: No, I can do this.
(She runs off while an acoustic guitar version of "Go Candace" plays in the background.)
Phineas: Now that's persistence.
Candace: I see the building and I still got three minutes! (She reads the directory.) Got it, 38th floor! (She runs to the elevator, but it is out of order) Out of order?! Okay, stairs. Step aerobics, don't fail me now!
(She runs up the stairs while the music becomes slower. Whip pan up to Doof and Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: Come back here! (Perry grabs a piece of the inator and bends it.) Oh, what are you doing down there?! (Perry activates it and salutes and gets teleported away. The inator turns into broccoli.) Uh-oh. Aaaaah!! (Groans and spits some broccoli out) Curse you, Perry the— (knock at the door) Coming.
(Doof opens the door to reveal an exhausted Candace.)
Candace: Fireside Girl. Here's your order of cupcakes.
Doofenshmirtz: Aren't you a little old to be a Fireside Girl?
Candace: Yes. Yes, I am.

Doofelations Season 2:78 | The Bully Code

(Switches to Perry in the bathroom, where he proceeds to step on a tile, causing them to light up in various different colors)
(Song: "Disco Miniature Golfing Queen" instrumental)
(One of the tiles opens up and Perry jumps down the hole, leading to his lair)
Major Monogram: Ah, Agent P. Sorry to disturb you on Canada Day, but the world's top evil scientists have been photographed leaving Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated. Something big is going on, real big. I need you to infiltrate his headquarters.
Carl: (off-screen) Ahem?
Major Monogram: Sorry. We need you to infiltrate his headquarters. Carl thinks I need to be more "inclusive". Find out what he's up to!
(Perry salutes and turns his chair into a flying vehicle and flies away)

(Switches to D.E.I.)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(Perry crashes through Doofenshmirtz's wall, where the latter is seen in a recliner with his right foot in a cast)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus. Have you come to sign my cast? (over a close-up of said cast, with multiple signatures on it) Look, I saved you a spot right there. It says, "Save for Perry." Well, it was a bigger spot before I wrote, "Save for Perry," but there's some room there. Grab that marker.
(Perry proceeds to do so, but the pen turns into a rocket once he grasps it and carries him to the ceiling, where it turns into a net, trapping him)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha-ha! You've heard of the Internet? Well, this is uh... well, it's-it's just a net. But you're caught. (gets up and uses crutches to support him while he walks along) In exactly thirty minutes, the Tutti McFrutti ice cream man will park his truck in front of my building. I know, because I was standing there yesterday when HE RAN OVER MY FOOT! But today, I will reek my horrible vengeance! Behold, the Re-tire-Inator! Because, you know, he ran over my foot with the tire, and I'm going to hit him with a giant tire. Re-tire. It's not like a retire, like stop working. It's not that Retire-Inator. That's-that's actually over there.
(the camera shows said contraption, which is simply a reading lamp, a chair with a sleeping cat that somewhat resembles Garfield, and a table with crossword puzzles on it)
Doofenshmirtz: I've got it ready. It's filled with crossword puzzles, and a big, fat, house cat that will lay on my belly and warm me into my...senior years. Anyhoo, where was I? Oh, yes. Evil laugh. (laughs manically)

(Cut to D.E.I. Doof is heard gasping as the ice cream truck is heard.)
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) Ooh, hear that, Perry the Platypus?
(Cut to Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: Tootie McFrutti has arrived on time! In a few seconds, he'll be flattened by a speeding tire.
(Doof laughs as Perry frees himself from his trap with the ceiling fan. He activates the inator. Doof screams. The tire misses its target. The inator rolls backward.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh no! Oh no no! (The inator hits Doof's good foot.) OW!!! NO!!! Oh, my good foot! My good foot! OW! Ow ow! My bad foot! Oh, my good foot again! Oh, no, my bad foot—Oh, this is really a viscous cycle!

Doofelations Season 2:79 | Finding Mary McGuffin

(A man grabs a doll from the box Lawrence was carrying)
Lawrence: Oh I see you like that little doll. Well lets see... that'll cost you, uh, fifty cents?
Doofenshmirtz: I'll give you a dollar.

♪ Doofenshmirtz's Ex-Wife's House on a Hill Somewhere! ♪
(Doofenshmirtz rings the doorbell)
Vanessa: Dad? What are you doing here? This isn't your weekend.
Doofenshmirtz: Yes, yes I know, but I have a surprise for you and I just couldn't wait!
Vanessa: (excited) A surprise? Really?
Doofenshmirtz: Yes, it's something you've always wanted. Something you've asked for time and time again. In my hand, I hold the key to...
Vanessa: ... My new car!
Doofenshmirtz: (holds up Mary McGuffin doll) No, your happiness! Remember when you said if I got you a little Mary McGufffin doll, I'd be the world's greatest dad?
Vanessa: Yeah, when I was like, seven.
Doofenshmirtz: At long last I have found one! I have been scouring the Internet and... and Garage sales trying to find the discontinued doll.
Vanessa: Wow, I can't believe you remembered I wanted this.
Doofenshmirtz: Remembered?! I never stop looking!
Vanessa: Really?
Doofenshmirtz: You know, I may be an evil scientist, but it doesn't take a degree purchased from the Internet with your ex-wife's money, to know how special and important you are to me.
Vanessa: That's so sweet.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, I'd better run. I bought a used -inator today at the garage sale, and it's missing one small part.
Vanessa: Really? what does it do?
Doofenshmirtz: I don't know yet, it's missing a part. But whatever it is I'm sure it will be pure evil!
Vanessa: (Talking to the doll) Well, at least you're not evil.

(Scene shifts to Perry's lair)
Carl: Sir, Agent P is here.
Major Monogram: I can see that Carl, now get back in that corner until I tell you, you can get up. Fifteen minutes left on the timer.
Carl: Okay Sir.
Major Monogram: Agent P. we, we just found out that Doofenshmirtz is scouring the Tri-State Area for some kind of on-off device.
Carl: A switch, Sir.
Major Monogram: Right, we think it may be a switch, but we don't know what it's for so, we need your help. Good luck Agent P.

(Scene shifts to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated)
Doofenshmirtz: I can't believe how lucky I was at that garage sale, someones personal collection of on-off switches. Score! (Begins trying the switches on his -inator) Hmm, looks like this one doesn't fit, more where that came from. Nope. How 'bout this? Come on, Papa needs a band new -inator. (Gets hit in the head with a rubber duck) Oh! what the--? Perry the Platypus, are you making your own keys now? Oh, you like all the stuff I got at the garage sale? Want to know what else I got? This lobster trap!
(A lobster trap falls on Perry, trapping him.)
Doofenshmirtz: (Laughs evilly) Yeah, anyway, sorry I can't tell you my evil scheme, because I... I don't know what this does yet. I'm still looking for an on-off switch. Life was much simpler when I worked as a lawn gnome.

(In rock and roll/CSI: Miami style) ♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, man, how many different kinds of on-off switches can there be? I mean, look at this. An octagon? And one shaped like the Statue of Liberty? That doesn't even make sense. Oh, and here's one. The exact same size and shape that I'm looking for except it's upside-down. I mean, the words are actually printed upside-down. What kind of a dummkopf would invent an upside-down... switch...that... (Pauses, sighs, and flips the switch so that it's right-side-up.) I did it! Time to find out what this bad boy can do! (He flips the switch) On.
(Perry's lobster trap opens and he climbs out of it)
Doofenshmirtz: (Not realizing what is happening) Off. On. Off. On. Off. On. Augh, I'm herring a clanking voice, so I know it's doing something. (Realizes that the -inator opens the lobster trap) Oh, the -inator and the cage they're connected. It's just, opens and closes the... Well I guess that's why I got the cage for free.
(Perry grabs onto Doofenshmirtz, and throws him into a pile of junk)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey! I was talking! (Doofenshmirtz begins to sword battle with Perry, with a moose antler, and a marlin) Take that, and that! Hey lets see if you can take a couple hits, from the 70's! (Begins to throw record at Perry, who avoids them, and hides behind a painting) Ahh, that takes me back... Hey where'd you go? Yow! Is that, that shark's head? Are you trying to make me cry? Wait hold on one second here, just a second. It occurs to me that all this does is open and close a lobster cage; you know it's not even evil, much less illegal. Besides, I've run out of clever fighting puns so... Curse you Perry the Platypus.

Doofenshmirtz: (talking to Vanessa on the phone) So you just took it from the little girl and left her there crying? Wow, that is evil! Honey, I am so proud of you! It felt good didn't it? Yeah, we can build on this. (The last line of Not So Bad A Dad is reprised as episode ends.)

Doofelations Season 2:80 | Picture This

(Cut to Perry's lair.)
Major Monogram: Hello, Agent P. Nice entrance today. Simple and understated. I like it. Anyway, we have a situation: We recently discovered that all of the mimes in Danville Park have been trapped in actual invisible boxes. (cut to a scene of a bunch of mimes in Danville Park feeling up their invisible boxes) It took days to discover because, well, everyone just assumed they were really good mimes.
Robot Guy: I'm not even a mime! I'm a robot guy!
(Cut back to Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: We're convinced that it has something to do with a new machine Dr. Doofenshmirtz has been working on. We're sending you a photo of his new inator. Oh-ho yeah! It looks evil all right. You better destroy it. Good luck, Agent P!

(Cut to D.E.I.)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated ♪
(Pan up to show a helicopter, which Perry descends from. He ropes down to a window, which he taps with his foot. He then goes backwards.)
Doofenshmirtz: Who's tap tap tapping? Is that that pesky raven again? (Perry kicks Doofenshmirtz backwards, to which he responds with sarcasm) Oh, big surprise! Perry the Platypus! And by "surprise", I mean completely... Uhhh... uhhh, I got nothin'. (He activates a remote, we hear something drop and Perry looks around) I was really expecting the raven. I'll be honest. And by the way, you're trapped in an invisible box! Yes, I know, I trapped you before in an invisible cage, but this is different! It's a box! It's all part of my evil plan to rid the world of annoying mimes! You see, recently, I was...

(Flashback)
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) ...strolling through the park, when suddenly, I had the strangest feeling that people were looking at me. And laughing! Probably because people were actually looking at me and laughing! I couldn't figure out what was going on until I turned around and saw a mime! He was mocking me: my walk, my incessant hand-wringing, my mantis-like posture! (The mime gets a giant grasshopper from the left side of the screen and chomps it) Then that I decided to get even.
(End flashback)

Doofenshmirtz: Behold, the mime-inator! With this baby, I'm going to trap every mime in the Tri-State Area in their very own invisible box! I know, huh? Fun with irony!

(Cut back to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, you really are quite the mime! It really looks like you are inside an invisible b—(gasps) Oh, that's right! You really are inside an invisible box! Ha ha ha! I'm already tired of that joke, but I can't stop saying it. (activating the inator) You know, it works so well with the mimes that I decided to put everyone in the Tri-State Area in an invisible box! Ha ha ha! (The inator stops moving. Doofenshmirtz clicks the remote several times.) Oh, for crying out loud! (He walks over to a handle bar and starts moving the inator manually.)
(Perry produces an electric glass cutter, which he operates on the invisible box. Cut to the balcony of D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: And now, to pull the switch. (Perry jumps on him) Thanks for the headache! (Perry punches him in the eye) Thanks for the face-ache!

(Cut back to the D.E.I. balcony)
Doofenshmirtz: No, Perry the Platypus, don't press the self-destruct button!
(Perry is about to push it when suddenly the ray zaps him)

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: W-Where did he go? He was standing right there about to foil my evil plans and now I'm...and now I'm totally free to move forward with my heinous project! Woo-hoo!

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: And now, invisible boxes for everyone! (The ray zaps the inator. Doofenshmirtz looks at the empty space confused.) Sure! Why not?

Doofelations Season 2:81 | Nerdy Dancin'

Robbie Wyckoff: Oh yeah...Everybody get up, time to shimmy and shake!Stomp and twist 'til your ankles break!Jumpin' all around like a pogo stick!Let's all dance until we're sick!Let's all dance until we're sick!


(Scene on TV cuts to show the host, Nikki Stars, hosting)
Nikki: Hi ya! Nikki Stars here. Get ready Danville, because the most popular dance contest is coming to you!
Candace: See Jeremy, that's my surprise. They're taping Danville and I already entered us!
Stacy: No, great! You guys are totally gonna win!
Jeremy: Sure, Candace! Um.. I'm gonna go get some fresh air, okay?
Candace: Okay! (to Stacy) He's so excited he can't breathe!
(Candace and Stacy scream in excitement)

(Scene shifts to the backyard)
Phineas: So, brother of mine, what ever shall we engage into today?
(changes subject of the conversation) Hey Jeremy! What's the hapt of it, guy?
Jeremy: Oh, man. Your sister's into that some big dance show. And, you know, I just don't wanna let her down.
Phineas: So, what's the problem?
Jeremy: Have you seen the fancy dancing on the show? I can fake it in a school auditorium. Just not in a nationally syndicated dance show.
Phineas: Well, maybe Ferb can teach you.
(Song: "Spa Day", instrumental)
(Ferb dances, using random dancing moves)
Jeremy: Wow. That's really-
Phineas: (interrupting) Uhp-uhp! Wait for it...
(Ferb does the splits to end the dance)
Jeremy: There's no way I can't learn that by tonight.
Phineas: Hmmm...maybe you don't have to.
(to Ferb) Ferb, I know what we're gonna do today!
(a short pause)
What?
(short pause starts again)
Oh. Sorry.
(grabs Ferb's hand and pulls him up)
Hey! I wonder where Perry is!

(In Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: Ah, Agent P. Seems Dr. Doofenshmirtz has been buying the entire Tri-State Area's supply: potatoes, bacon, and whole boatloads of chopped green onions- sounds like a recipe for evil, literally. So, get cooking Agent P! Monogram out.
(Perry escapes directly using his chair)

Phineas: So, here it is! The Ferbalistic Groovatron 9000!
Jeremy: How is that supposed to help me?
Phineas: You put it under your clothes, and nobody will see this electronic exoskeleton helping you with dance moves!
(Two guitar strums are played as it shifts to Jeremy wearing the exoskeleton)
Ferb does the fancy dancing move over here, and you do the same fancy dancing move over there!
(Ferb responds to the exoskeleton by dancing, and therefore controlling Jeremy)
Jeremy: Sweet.

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc- ♪
(Perry's chair is crushed by Doofenshmirtz's robotic arm)
Computer voice: Intruder alert.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, well, well, look who's here. Perry the Platypus. All shackled up and no place to go!
Uh, I think we made too much potato salad, Norm. I guess we'll have to give everyone a 2-ton take-home container. And I still think you should have added more green onions.
Norm: Well, next time you can do all the cooking, and I'll stand around coming up with evil plans that ultimately fail!
(Awkward silence)
Doofenshmirtz: (stares at him) Wow. Cuttin' deep, man. Well, I'm off to our annual evil potluck and press conference. I'll just leave you here to, you know, meet your doom. Look, I saw this in a movie once. I didn't catch the ending, because I had other things to do, but it seemed pretty foolproof. Well, gotta run! Can't be in two places at the same time, but of course, soon you'll be able to! (turning to Norm) Norm, let's go.
Norm: Would it kill you to say please once in a while?
Doofenshmirtz: Are you going to be like this all day?
Norm: Yes. Yes, I am.
(Perry escapes from the trap)

(Cut to outside the dance building where we see Candace has changed into a pink T-shirt, white bootcut jeans with a pink belt with a gold buckle, and wearing her normal shoes with pink socks. Jeremy had changed into his outfit from chez platypus)
Candace: We are so going to win, this time, Jeremy. We are going TO WIN!
(Candace screams in excitement)
Nikki: Dancers, your dance floor awaits!
(Everyone runs to the stage)
Nikki: Our dancers will boogie until they get axed for the judges. If your light goes out, your time is up. Now, let the dancing begin!
Phineas: Ready?
(Ferb responds to Phineas using the "thumbs up" gesture)

Evil Scientist #1: Alright Heinz, where's the press?
Doofenshmirtz: Patience, Dr. Bloodpudding, they'll be here. When have I ever let you guys down?
Evil Scientist #2: Far too often Doofenshmirtz, far too often.
Doofenshmirtz: Rodney, I don't remember inviting you.
Rodney: I told you! I prefer you use my full name: Aloyse Everheart Elizabeth Otto Wolfgang Hypatia Gunther Galen Gary Cooper von Roddenstein!
Doofenshmirtz: Anyway, today is the day we reveal to the Tri-State Area, the existence of the League Of Villainous Evildoers Maniacally United For Frightening Investments in Naughtiness!
Dr. Bloodpudding:  You want us to be called L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N.?
(weird musical sound)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, good grief!! It doesn't matter what we're called. What's important is that we get our evil message out to the people of the Tri-State Area!
Rodney: And how are we going to that with no TV cameras or no press of any kind?
Doofenshmirtz: They'll be here, they'll be here.  Clearly, the buffet alone will bring them.
Norm: Yummy, yummy potato salad!
Rodney: And we do seem to have a surplus of that. (Grins mockingly) Did you expect everyone to lug home 2-ton take home bags?
Doofenshmirtz: No.
Norm: (suddenly) Yes.
Doofenshmirtz: Shut it, Norm. Whose side are you on, anyway? And the press will be here, Rodney.
Evil Scientist #3: I don't think so, Heinz!
Doofenshmirtz: Dr. Diminutive?
Dr. Diminutive: Here, look. All the present town is covering this.
(in the TV broadcast)
News broadcaster: That's right. Let's Dance 'Til We're Sick is filming here in Danville. And I've got all the live coverage 24/7!
Doofenshmirtz: Well, if the press won't come to us, we'll go to the press. To the dance hall!
(Perry is late, and leaves shortly after he doesn't see any scientists)

Doofenshmirtz: Attention, miserable citizens of Danville!
(the people doesn't respond)
Doofenshmirtz: Hello? Evil scientist speaking! Can you get a hand over here? What? Nothing? Why are they so focused on those dancers?
Rodney: Because it's a dance contest, Heinz. Clear, they're only filming the best dancers!
Doofenshmirtz: Hm. Wait! That's it!
Okay. Split up and dance like you've never danced before! Whoever gets on camera first, they deliver our message of evil!
Rodney: Man, they're terrible!
Doofenshmirtz: Ahh! The humanity!!
Rodney: This looks like a job for Aloyse Everheart Elizabeth-
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, can it, Rodney. I think we both know that I'm a better evil dancer than you.
Rodney: (Holds up his hand in Doofenshmirtz' face) See this? It's my hand. You can talk to it.
Doofenshmirtz: All right.
♪ Hey hand! My evil dancing's better than yours. ♪
♪ It's like you're stuck in a canoe but you've got no oars. ♪
See you on the dance floor!
Rodney: Nobody talks to my hand that way!
Major Monogram: (via Perry's wristwatch communicator) Agent P, you must stop Doofenshmirtz and his unnamed gang of evil scientists before they broadcast their message of evil, and interrupt what is going to be my and Carl's favorite show.

(Everyone continues dancing. Cut to Nikki as the judges start to think of eliminating the contestants)
Nikki: Well, this shindig is in full swing! Looks like judges are starting to eliminate dancers, who will survive?
(One judge points to a couple. Their light goes out, and a buzzer sounds. The crowd groans. The same goes for another couple)
Candace: They're eliminating people. Let's kick it up a notch!
(Ferb does a robot-like dance, and the exoskeleton does the same)
Doofenshmirtz: People of the Tri-State Area, you may begin pointing in fear about the endless possibilities in miserable convenience of-
(Doofenshmirtz's light goes out)
Really? Were you even watching that move?
Rodney: (while doing his ballet) Well, my future subjects of desiring Aloyse Everheart Elizabeth- (Rodney's light goes out) Pearls before swine...
(Doofenshmirtz pushes a contestant out of the way)
Doofenshmirtz: So I represent the League Of Villainous Evildoers Maniacally United For Frightening Investments- (Doof's light goes out)
Ah! Philistine! It was a perfectly good Charleston!
(Jeremy starts swinging and spinning Candace like crazy)
Candace: Whoa! You are r-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-a-l-l-l-l-l-y good!
Stacy: Bravo! Bravo! (tosses a bouquet of flowers) Go, Candace!
(The audience throws flowers onto the stage. A bee flies up from one of them and starts buzzing around Ferb, who flails his arms to shoo it away. Jeremy does the same action)
Random guy: Oh, that guy is awesome!
(The random guy copies it but soon a section of the audience copies him)
Nikki: Looks like someone's a fan favorite.
(Perry helps the judges by semi-violently eliminating the mad scientists. 
Enough members to fill the Danville Arena were eliminated using really painful moves, which sends them to the intensive care system.

Rodney pushes a dancer out of a light but Doofenshmirtz grabs dancer and shoves him and Rodney away)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, that's my spotlight! If anyone's pushing this dancer out of the way, it's me!
Rodney: Oh no, Doofenshmirtz, I was here first!
Doofenshmirtz: (Goes face-to-face directly with Rodney) Am I gonna have to talk to your hand again?!?!
Rodney: Maybe in your own mind!
(the disco ball falls on Doofenshmirtz and Rodney)
Nikki: And look! There's only one dancer left standing! Let's see what he does.
(Ferb gives the gesture again to Phineas)
(Jeremy ends his dance)

Nikki: (while the audience applaud for Jeremy) Say, that was fabulicious dancing out there! I see quite a future for someone with moves like that!
Candace: Is she saying what a thing she's saying?
Nikki: How'd you like to dance 'til you're sick every week?
Candace: Do it, Jeremy, do it! We could be stars! Dancing stars! We can-
Jeremy: Candace, I can't do this. All those great dance moves I've been doing today, it was actually...
(Jeremy pulls out the exoskeleton he used throughout the show)
(Candace shrieks and the audience gasps in horror)
Stacy: That's kind of disturbing.
Jeremy: It was this crazy contraption doing all these dance moves. If you wanna see what a real dancer looks like, then here you go!
(Jeremy pulls the curtain out to reveal Ferb, who's controlling the exoskeleton)
(awkward silence)
Ferb: Well, looks like my work here is done.
(Ferb dances up the pole. The judges then rate Ferb with a score of 10)
Jeremy: But I'm sorry about all this, Candace. I just didn't want to let you down.
Candace: Oh, Jeremy. You weren't gonna let me down. I just wanted you to come out with me and have a good time! And you know, dance 'til we're sick!
Jeremy: Well, I am feeling a little dizzy.
Candace: I got 'ya, big guy. (They leave the studio)

(At the hospital...)
Doofenshmirtz: (in the intensive care system) They should have called it "Let's All Dance Until We're In Intensive Care".

Doofelations Season 2:82 | What Do It Do?

♪ Doofenshmirtz Rocket-powered Jet Skiff! ♪
(Traps activating)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha! Close, but no... Cigar! See, Perry the Platypus, my new jet rocket skiff has more hidden traps than... (Snaps fingers) Um, uh—What's something with a lot of hidden traps? Huh, wow, I felt so confident going into that sentence. Man, okay. Anyway, you might be wondering why I got such an early start on my evil scheme today. You see, my dating life has been a seemingly endless series of disappointments. It all started at a drive-in movie.
(Flashback to the '80s at the Danville Drive-In.)
(Song: "That's Wings, You Turkey")
80's Heinz: (singing along with the radio) ♪ That's wings, you turkey ♪ (coming out of the car) Okay, the coast is clear! You can come out now! (Linda emerges from the trunk.)
80's Linda: Eww. It's grody back here!
80's Heinz: Well, on the bright side, you got in for free, so... we'll just split the cost of my ticket, right? Right?
80's Linda: You know, I could've gotten in the trunk, like, a block away instead of when you first picked me up at my house.
80's Heinz: Wow, you just love to live in the past, huh? Is that like a thing with you?
80's Linda: (sighs) Whatever. Let's just try to enjoy the rest of the evening.
80's Heinz: (does a robot dance) I am a happy robot, likey what I hear. I'm just kidding; that's a thing I do. C'mon, hop in!

(During the song)
80's Linda: Oh, turn it up! I love this song!
80's Heinz: Eh, it's okay, I'd say it's in my top seven, eight favorite songs about reverse engineering.
80's Linda: Makes me want to be a pop star!
80's Heinz: Ha! Yeah right, and I'm going to rule the world!
80's Linda: Well, why not?
80's Heinz: Yeah, like I could do that.
80's Linda: Maybe instead of, you know, the whole world, uh, start... small, with the Tri-State Area. (Dramatic chord plays as Heinz begins to realize what Linda told him.) Hey, the movie's starting! You have to put the speaker thing on the car.
80's Heinz: Nah-nah-nah. Check this out: (picks up a device) I built this awesome device that transmits the movie sound in fifth-dimensional stereo! I just plug this in here and Voila! (does a robot dance) I am a clever robot. Bing-bong, bing-boing.
(The device starts emitting electrical sparks, which effects all of the speakers in the theatre, and the screen, which explodes and launches into the night sky.)
80's Heinz: Huh. So can we hold hands now?
80's Linda: Take me home.
80's Heinz: Fine. Get in the back.
(The screen falls down and crash-lands on the snack bar.)
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) And I never saw her again.
(End flashback)

Doofenshmirtz: Oddly enough, she did become a pop star later! I'm still struggling with the whole Tri-State Area thing, but y'know, the dream is alive. (walking to the other side) Anyway, they recently reopened that drive-in, dredging up all these unpleasant memories for me. So, naturally, I built this. (He gets trapped, and trips, causing the huge device to fall off the rocket-powered jet skiff.) Oh, really?! Really?!!

(Cut to the rocket-powered jet skiff, which is jetting over Africa. Cut to on board the skiff, where Doof and Perry are now in different traps.)
Doofenshmirtz: You know, in retrospect, I probably went a little overboard with the traps on this thing. Alright, I'm gonna try to reach the release switch for the trap holding your arms. Then you try to reach the steering wheel and change our course away from Mount Kilimanjaro. Interesting trivia...
(Song: "Kronk for Hire" (instrumental))
Doofenshmirtz (cont'd): (like a cheesy tour guide) Mount Kilimanjaro is actually comprised of three volcanic cones: Kibo, Shira, and the one that we're about to crash into, Mawenzi. Cool, huh? (Doof struggles to get to the button until finally pressing it.) There! Oh. Oh, that wasn't the release. Who knows what that did?

(Cut to the front yard. The device begins buzzing and steaming. Cut back to Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: (reaching for the bottom button) This one should be the right—Okay...I....got it! (Perry gets released) Quick! (Perry jumps onto a cage and steers the skiff away from Mawenzi. He falls backwards and gets trapped...again.) You know, Perry the Platypus, I just— A golf course! A golf course has a lot of traps in it! That's what I shoulda said.

(Cut to gay Paris, where the skiff is flying past the Eiffel Tower.)
Doofenshmirtz: (yelling below) Pierre!! (giggles to Perry) Did anyone look? A-hee-hee-hee! I betcha, like, half the people down there are looking around, like (fake French accent) "Who called my name?" (laughs in his normal voice)

(Cut to Whiskershire.)
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) Ah, the quaint town of Whiskershire. It's a great place to fly nilly-willy through, manacled to a rocket skiff this time of year.
(Perry takes out a pin and unlocks his trap and escapes. He dodges the next trap and sees the spring stick on the statue. He hangs onto the bottom wing and swipes the stick. He uses the stick to spring all the hidden traps, and then steers the skiff back to the Tri-State Area.)

(Cut back to the rocket skiff. Perry jumps over the edge.)
Doofenshmirtz: W-W-Wait a minute! Perry the Platypus, where are you—? Oh!
(Agent P's parachute comes out of his bag.)
♪ Agent P! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, Perry the Platypus!

Doofelations Season 2:83 | Atlantis

Male singer: ♪ Doo wa doo be doo wa doo be doo be doo wa.♪ Thank you, thank you very much.
(Perry jumps into the man's guitar case)
♪ Agent P !♪
Carl: (Imitating Major Monogram) Ahh, Agent P! Dr. Doofenshmirtz has been to every plant-nursery in town, buying up little seedlings and now he's out with he's blimp. Find out what he's up to!
Major Monogram: Carl?
Carl: Ohh... eheheh... sir?
Major Monogram: Are those my old mustache clippings?
Carl: Some of them?
Major Monogram: Sorry you had to see that, Agent P. Please find out what Doofenshmirtz is up to!

Doofenshmirtz: (Spraying the plants in his blimp) Lunchtime, my little plant friends! Yes, you like your water, don't you! Everyone gets H2O, even you little... Oh, Perry the Platypus! You landed into my fertilizer trap! Look at you. You've potting soiled yourself! (He laughs) So, I got to thinking, why use animals or insects to aid in my evil scheme, when there are these shiftless do-nothing-plants just laying around? So, I've created a super evil growth formula, that when sprayed on my plants, that will turn them into thorny, prickly minions! With them under my control, I will rule the Tri-State Area with an iron fist, and a green thumb! Hahahaha... (He sniffs) And, if you don't mind, I'm going upwind of you.

Doofenshmirtz: You see, Perry the Platypus? Your efforts to try to stop me have been fruitless. Fruitless. Y-you like that one? Yeah, that's a good one! Fruitless? Next time you'll "leaf" me alone! Heh heh heh. Yes, Perry the Platypus, I can be a fun guy. Get it? Fungi? The plural of fungus? Heheh... it's a... Yeah... Anyway, grow my green minions and get him! (He turns on a machine, and sprays the plants, making them thorny, carnivorous, and sentient) Wait, wait not me, not me... Hey, wait, don't be, don't be grab... I gotta turn this off... this has become a thorny situation...
(The plants soon ensnare Doofenshmirtz, and overrun the entire blimp)

Doofenshmirtz: Help, Perry the Platypus, help! (The plants squeeze Perry out of his trap) Yes, yes, Perry, you got it! That's it, you're free now, and move over here... wait! Where are you going? Perry the Platyp... (Doofenshmirtz gets slapped by a vine)

Doofenshmirtz: (A vine chomps down on Doofenshmirtz's nose) AHH!
(Perry comes in through the window, with weed-whackers, and proceeds to cut through the plants)

Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, you came back and saved me! Thank you, Perry the Platy... (He begins to breakout) Hey... wha... what's this? I'm having an allergic reaction to these stupid plants! Curse you, inadequate immune system!

Doofelations Season 2:84 | Phineas and Ferb Christmas Vacation!

(Perry comes out of an elevator into the O.W.C.A.'s headquarters, where a party is going on.)
Major Monogram: Ah, Agent P. there you are. Merry Christmas. Oh great, you brought snacks.
(Major Monogram eats the snowman's carrot nose.)
Major Monogram: Wintertime's fun, follow me.
Carl: Secret Santa time. Agent P. Ah, here you are.
(Perry unwraps his gift: A CD that reads:)
Carl: Oh, "A Sal Tuscany Christmas". You lucked out, Agent P. Your secret Santa has exquisite taste.
Major Monogram: (Glaring) Criminy, Carl. It's supposed to be a secret Santa.
Carl: What? No! I didn't get it for him.
Major Monogram: Huh, right. (Chuckles)
Carl: No, really I didn't!
Major Monogram: The more you protest, the more we know you gave it to him.
Carl: Fine! Think what you want! Whatever! (Huffs in anger)
Major Monogram: Okay, Scrooge. We got it.
(Monogram's wrist communicator sounds an alarm...)
Alarm: Uh-oh! Uh-oh! Uh-oh! (continues under)
Major Monogram: Uh-oh, sorry Agent P. I guess evil never takes a holiday. If you'll direct your attention to the screen. (A screen comes on, showing him in uniform.) Good morning Agent P. A wise man once said...
(Perry looks back to see Carl filming Monogram, who's holding a cutout of his normal uniform.)
Major Monogram: Eyes on the screen. (Perry then turns back around.) A wise man once said, "Evil never takes a holiday". We don't know what Doofenshmirtz is up to. But he's evil, and evil people hate Christmas. It's a cliche, sad cliche. Good luck, Agent P, and Merry Christmas.
(Carl's butt appears on the screen Perry was watching.)
Major Monogram: Carl! Stop filming your butt, film mine. It's a party!

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪
(Perry bursts through Doofenshmirtz's wall)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus. I have a present for you. And by "present," of course, I mean "trap." (Perry is wrapped in Christmas lights) Aw, look how festive you are. Wait, wait, hold on. (Puts a partridge on Perry's bill) ♪ And a partridge on a Perry ♪ ... the Platypus! Now, Perry the Platypus, behold! The Naughty-inator! When activated, the naughty nectar in these giant glass cylinders will create a massive charged cloud of pure naughtiness. When Santa then makes his list, and checks it twice, everyone in the Tri-State Area will appear to be naughty instead of nice! And no nice equals no Santa equals no Christmas. There's just one tiny, little blemish on my otherwise perfect plan. I don't actually have a problem with Christmas. There's no tragic holiday-related back-story in my past. Christmas was always fine growing up. It wasn't great, it wasn't horrible. You see, unlike every other evil scientist, I don't hate Christmas. There are plenty of other holidays I can't stand. ♪ For example... ♪ Wait, wait, hold on. I can't get this— ♪ Uh, for example... ♪

(Song: "I Really Don't Hate Christmas")
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ You see Valentine's is torture ♪
♪ And my birthday is a mess ♪
♪ New Year's is a lot of noise, and Arbor Day's a pest ♪
♪ Halloween's a horror but I guess I must confess ♪
♪ That I really don't hate Christmas! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, what the heck. Kickline!

Doofenshmirtz: I have an intense BURNING indifference!

Doofenshmirtz: I didn't even create the Naughty-inator myself because I compulsively, obsessively, just couldn't be bothered. Nah, the plans were mailed to me from Borneo where my Uncle Justin is rumored to be in hiding. It's really a sweet gift, but how can I destroy Christmas without having a good reason? (sighs) Well, I guess I have no choice. (Presses a button and a chair pops out of the ground and he flops in it) But to sit and wait for a reason.

(Back at Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: You know, all I really want for Christmas is the ability to hate Christmas. Is that too much to ask? (knock on door) Hmm, were you expecting someone?
Carolers: ♪ We wish you a Merry Christmas ♪
♪ We wish you a Merry Christmas ♪
♪ We wish you a Merry Christmas ♪
♪ And a Happy New Year ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, yes. How can you hate Christmas listening to that?
Carolers: ♪ Now bring us some figgy pudding ♪
♪ Now bring us some figgy pudding ♪
Doofenshmirtz: "Bring us figgy pudding." (chuckles) Well you can say please. But you know whatever great. Figgy pudding.
Carolers: ♪ We won't go until we get some ♪
♪ We won't go until we get some ♪
♪ We won't go until we get some ♪
♪ So bring some right here. ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Whoa! What! Are you threatening me?
Carolers: ♪ We won't go until we get some. ♪
Doofenshmirtz: How dare you! No one barges into my home and demand desserts. What sort of plan is that anyway? Let's go to a stranger's house and in song form refuse to leave until he hands over a fruit dish that no one's prepared since the 16th century. Well, if that's how things are, I have my reasons to push this button. So long, Christmas, you're Feliz Navi-dead to me! (Pushes button) (chuckles) See? Uh, it was Spanish.
(Roof opens and the Naughty-inator shoots into the sky)
Doofenshmirtz: (Chuckles) 'Tis the season to be naughty!
Old Caroler: Can I at least get a diet soda?

(Scene cuts to Naughtyinator in action)
Carolers: ♪ We won't go until we get some ♪
♪ We won't go until we get some ♪
(Perry chatters)
Doofenshmirtz: Ugh! Don't you see what's going on out there? Game over! Your plan failed! There's no figgy pudding! There's no Christmas! You can all just go home!
Carolers: ♪ We won't go until we get some ♪
♪ It's a principle of a thing ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Ugh!
Josh: Come on guys, let's do But, it's Christmas, Becky.
Becky: You got to get over me Josh!

(Scene shifts to the Carolers)
Carolers: ♪ We won't go until we get some ♪
♪ We won't go- ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, uh guys. Don't hate me, but I went into the kitchen to get some almond brittle...love it!...and lo and behold it turns out I did have some figgy pudding. Quite a bit actually. I, I guess this whole thing was pretty easily resolved. I feel kinda sheepish for making a big deal. Anyway here, figgy pudding.
Josh: Come on, guys. Our work here is done.
Doofenshmirtz: Bye bye now. Thank you for the evil motivation for destroying Christmas!

(Scene shifts to Perry trying to escape and he drops the CD)
Doofenshmirtz: (gasps) What's this? A Sal Tuscany Christmas... Score! What a perfect way to enjoy the last several hours before Christmas officially doesn't come.
Sal Tuscany: ♪ We wish you a Merry Christmas ♪
♪ We wish you a Merry Christmas ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Alright! You know, this one's really grown on me.
Sal Tuscany: ♪ And a happ-♪

(Scene shifts back to DEI with view of the Naughty-inator)
Voice: Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh. (A little monitor comes out)
Major Monogram: Uh-oh, Agent P. It turns out Carl was lying about getting you that Sal Tuscany CD.
Carl: I never said I got it for him.
Major Monogram: Quiet, Carl! Haven't you caused enough harm? (to Perry) Your "so-called" Secret Santa must've somehow infiltrated the agency and uh, until we get to the bottom of it, whatever you do, do not play that CD.
Doofenshmirtz: Boy, this Sal Tuscany guy is good. Let me crank it up some more.
(Turns up the volume)
Sal Tuscany: ♪ That's what Christmas is for! ♪
(The partridge helps Perry out of his trap)
Sal Tuscany: ♪ Christmas cannot be destroyed! ♪
♪ Not even by a Naughtyyyy-INAAAAAATOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: What the? How did he...?
(Sal Tuscany sings loud enough to destroy the Naughty-inator.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, so we'll have Christmas. I simply don't care. Curse my intensely burning apathy towards Chri-
(Perry punches Doofenshmirtz)

(Scene shifts to Doofenshmirtz tied up)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay yeah, yeah, I get it. A taste of my own medicine right?
(Perry places the partridge on Doofenshmirtz's nose)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh of course, and the bird. It doesn't even work! ♪ A partridge on an evil scientist! ♪ There's no play on words. That's not clever. You're not clever!
♪ Perry! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, I hate Christmas. Yes! I hate Christmas! Woohoo! This is the best Christmas ever!

(Scene shifts to Doofenshmirtz.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh what a mess. Curse you, Sal Tuscany! (smashes the CD) Well, I probably should call Uncle Justin and thank him for the gift anyway. (on the phone) Hello, operator? I would like to place a call to... Barneo? I thought it said Borneo. Wait, where's Barneo? The North Pole! Wait a second!
(He sees the smashed CD remains spell out a familiar message...)
Doofenshmirtz: The letters of "A Sal Tuscany Christmas" spell "Santa Claus" with an embarrassing leftover "Y". Let me see that picture.
(He sees the CD cover; Sal Tuscany is revealed to have his facial hair superimposed over a familiar white beard.)
Doofenshmirtz: Sal Tuscany is Santa Claus?!?

Doofelations Season 2:85 | Just Passing Through

(Perry sneaks into the kitchen and spits into a spitoon vase.)
Computer: Computer authorizing DNA, one moment please. Access granted.
(Agent P arrives in the lair)
Major Monogram: Morning, Agent P. How do you like the new spitoon lair entrance? (Beat) Anyway, your mission. Mayor Roger Doofenshmirtz is being honored today with a statue at the Mayor's Day Festival. (Background of screen becomes a weather map with Heinz's and Roger's faces on it.) Considering Doofenshmirtz's hatred for his brother, the forecast suggests mild tomfoolery with a sixty percent chance of slapstick violence. Good luck, Agent P. Now on to Tom Perkins with sports.

♪ Doofenshmirtz flatbed microbus! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: (talking to a Perry bobblehead) You see bobblehead Perry the Platypus, I have created a powerful -inator that will deface anything it contacts! Including my brother Roger's statue that's being unveiled at today's festival. It's going to humiliate him! Isn't that genius, bobblehead Perry the Platypus? (flicks the bobblehead)
♪ Bobblehead Perry the Platypus! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: (seeing the bobblehead bounce) Oh yes, so you agree. You know, I miss our little talks, don't you? Oh, what do you know anyway? (throws bobblehead out the back window)

(Scene change to the town hall)
Roger Doofenshmirtz: Citizens of Danville, it is an honor to be your mayor and a pleasure to serve.
Doofenshmirtz: (getting out of the microbus) Oh, no, Roger, it is I who will be serving you.
(Doofenshmirtz closes the door, which swings open. He slams the door a second time, but it swings open again.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hm... okay, push up and...
(The door closes and locks. Doofenshmirtz glances through the window and notices the keys in the ignition.)
Doofenshmirtz: Those are my keys, aren't they? (On the phone) No, I don't have my card. Yes, the keys are still in there and it's running. (Engine shudders to a stop.) Okay, now it's not running; now I need gas... Forty-five minutes huh?... (Sighs) Well I'm not going anywhere. (Puts phone away) Eh, well at least I can get my -inator. (Aims the -inator.)
Roger Doofenshmirtz: As we get closer to unveiling this perfect replica of my body...
(Perry appears in the -inator's sights)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Plat...! (gets punched by Perry) Hey!
(Perry notices the discarded bobblehead replica of himself)
Doofenshmirtz: What? That's a... it's an arts and crafts project! I've got a life outside of you!
(Perry and Doofenshmirtz fight. Doofenshmirtz slips on the bobblehead Perry and kicks it onto the self-destruct button. -Inator explodes.)
Doofenshmirtz: Curse you Perry the bobblehead!

(Scene change to Doofenshmirtz's flatbed microbus)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, you might have destroyed Plan A, but behold! (Another -inator rises from the bus) Plan B! (Pushes a button and the -inator explodes) Which I have just destroyed, so now we're even. But not even I am prepared for Plan C! (Third -inator rises from the flatbed) Behold! The Be-Gone-Inator! How do you like me now Perry the Gone-a-pus?
(Perry dodges and the Be-Gone-Inator disintegrates a tree.)
Doofenshmirtz: Eh, so I missed. Oh whatever, I have a bigger bother to be-gone. Goodbye, stupid Roger statue!
(Perry kicks Doofenshmirtz out of the seat and moves the Be-Gone-Inator; the beam hits a House of Mirrors and bounces around the mirrors.)

(Doofenshmirtz tackles Perry out of the Be-Gone-Inator's seat. The Be-Gone-Inator beam bounces off the rearview mirror of the flatbed and disintegrates itself.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hmm... what are the odds?

Roger Doofenshmirtz: And now, without further ado! (Statue is unveiled; crowd cheers; band starts playing.)
Phineas: Well Ferb, it looks like everything worked out for everyone today.

Doofenshmirtz: (standing with Perry on his flatbed, balanced on the edge of the cliff) I can't believe nothing worked out for me today. After... I.. I had a A, B, and C and they all... 'course I destroyed the B so...
(Perry jumps off. The flatbed tilts and rolls down the cliff with Doofenshmirtz on it.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey where are you going? Curse you Perry the Platypus! (Rolls past the Wilkins brothers)
Wilbur Wilkins: Hey look at that! A pump-less pump trolley!
Orville Wilkins: Now that's old school.

Doofelations Season 2:86 | Candace's Big Day

(Scene switches to Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: ♪ I wanna wanna wanna have fun fun fun ♪
(Major Monogram's screen lifts to reveal Perry sliding down a chute to his chair) Agent P, thank goodness you're here. As you've probably heard by now, Danville's experiencing a shortage of decent, healthy food and someone's been buying up all supplies of unhealthy food additives. This has Doofenshmirtz written all over it. (Image pops up on screen with Doofenshmirtz's picture and signatures by the man himself) We have no idea why he signed it that many times, but anyways, we're all counting on you Agent P!

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪
(Perry walks into an elevator, which is playing "Gitchee Gitchee Goo". The elevator door opens)
Doofenshmirtz: Surprise, Perry the Platypus! (Giggles madly) Okay, (Presses elevator button) enjoy your trip! (Giggles again) Oh, oh, the look on his face was priceless, (Giggles) Oh, here he comes back. Alright, try not to laugh, okay. Ahaha, did you enjoy the other floor—Wait, Perry? (Second elevator door opens revealing Perry) Perry the Platypus? (Goes inside the elevator) Huh, where did he go?
(Perry reaches an arm into the elevator Doofenshmirtz is in and pushes all the floor buttons)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, (Groans) No!
(Perry walks into Doofenshmirtz's apartment)

(Scene switches to DEI. Doofenshmirtz stands grumpily in the elevator as it continues going through every floor)
Doofenshmirtz: (Walking into his apartment) You could have at least gotten into your trap. It's on the table. (Perry ties himself up) You know, I do appreciate you trying to mix it up, but I do have a schedule to keep. Ready? Let me show you my latest project. The Junk Food-inator! It sprays my special mix of boiling hot high-fructose corn syrup and hydrogenated coconut oil. To turn all healthy food into toasty warm junk food! Soon, everyone will become lethargic overweight blobs. Easily controlled by me! (Laughs) Because I will be the only one left eating healthy food, like these delicious broccolis! (Eats) Mm, well, the only problem is, I'm not quite used to the taste—- I'm used to eating the junk. I'll just dip it in here (Dips broccoli into the Junk Food-inator and eats it) Mmm, Oh that's much better! I could eat this all day. I can feel myself getting healthier.

(Scene switches back to DEI. Doofenshmirtz's stomach has enlarged and he is pale with acne on his face)
Doofenshmirtz: I could eat this stuff all day. Just look at this lifelike glow I've acquired. I'm the picture of health! And all from eating nothing but this... ah, I don't know what's under here, but I think it's a vegetable. I'm as strong as an ox! (Squelching noise as his stomach pops out from his shirt. Doofenshmirtz breathes out heavily as he gets tired) But nobody else will be after fire off my Junk Food-inator. (Machine rumbles, but stops, having run out of corn syrup and coconut oil) I should really refill this. But you know (Yawns) I'm so tired. I should really take a nap first. (Falls over into Junk Food-inator and starts snoring)

(Scene switches back to DEI, Doofenshmirtz is snoring)
Doofenshmirtz: (Waking up to Perry’s chatter) Wait, what, who am I? Oh, oh, it's me! Perry the Platypus, how did you free yourself?
(Perry ties himself up with the rope, before inhaling deeply and exhaling, showing large chest muscles, before sighing)
Doofenshmirtz: Wow. But it's too late! While I was napping, enough grease dripped off my face to fill the Junk Food-inator. Nothing can stop me now! Hoo, I gotta sit down.
(The Junk Food-Inator shoots out, and hits the ice sculpture, melting it down to a small statue of Bob and Tiana and makes a snow like scenery. The ice scorpion is blasted towards DEI)
Doofenshmirtz: What the--? (Scorpion collides into the -Inator) Suddenly I feel like a glass of apple cider. I don't know how you did that, but get ready to pay, Perry the Platypus! (Stomach growls) Uh, can you hold on one second? (Goes to washroom; toilet flushes) Okay, here we are, let's do this-- (Stomach growls) Uh, uh, you know, just hold on. (Door closes) Ah you know Perry the Platypus, uh, you can just let yourself out. I...I may be a while.

Doofelations Season 2:87 | I Was a Middle Aged Robot

(Perry knocks on the lair door and jumps in it after it opens. Lawrence walks by with a basketball)
Lawrence: (notices the lair entrance) How peculiar. Anybody there -- (falls through the door and slides down to Perry's lair) Oh.
Major Monogram: Ah, Agent P. (Lawrence gasps and hides behind the hovercar) Doofenshmirtz has been doing some research on the structural properties of glue. It's probably not... (continues under)
Lawrence: Say, that fellow wearing the dashing fedora looks awfully familiar...
Major Monogram: Good luck, Agent P.
(Perry jumps out of his seat)
Lawrence: (gasps) Perry?!
(Perry goes up the elevator)
Lawrence: Why do I get the feeling I wasn't supposed to see that? (trips on a cable) Ooh! That hurt. (lands in the memory eraser and mumbles)
(The screen begins playing everything that happened earlier in reverse)
Computer: Memory erase sequence initiated. 5% completed.

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(Cut to Doofenshmirtz, in a pilot uniform, already monologuing to Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: ...and by "inopportune", of course, I mean, "Completely opportune!!" I was just about to drop an entire container of "eulg" on the Tri-State Adult Diaper Factory! And what is eulg, you may ask? It's the opposite of glue. (Squirts some on a boombox.) A few drops of this will make anything fall apart. See? Now, witness as I—
(Perry's watch beeps.)
Major Monogram: (on watch) Agent P, (Perry holds up a finger to signify "wait a minute") Agent P, you must abort your current mission! There is something much more important than Doofenshmirtz!
Doofenshmirtz: Hello? I'm right here! I can hear you, you know!
Major Monogram: Rendezvous back at headquarters. Monogram out. (hangs up)
(Perry smiles embarrassingly at his adversary.)
Doofenshmirtz: Fine, fine. You have somewhere more important to be. But don't you want to know (Perry jets away) why I want to destroy the adult diaper factory? It's a terrific backstory!
♪ Perry! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Y'know, this is gonna be a backstory, too, someday!

(Cut to the sky where we see Doofenshmirtz flying an airplane.)
Doofenshmirtz: Closing in on the target. (Cut to the plane to reveal Doof reading a map.) With Perry the Platypus out of the scenario, nothing will stop me! (laughs)

(Cut to:)
Doofenshmirtz: The adult diaper factory! I'll be over the target in exactly, ah, (tips the eulg bottle over while looking at his watch) five min— (gasps and watches some eulg hit the back of the plane) Oh, no, that's not going to be good. (The plane comes apart.)

(Cut to Doof's plane falling apart. He falls out of it screaming.)
Doofenshmirtz: (praying) Please I wanna live I wanna live I wanna live! (lands on something. Zoom out to reveal it's the blimp.) What? I'm alive! Woohoo! (Part of the plane lands on him.) Ow! (More parts of the plane fall on him. Followed by a nail, which deflates the blimp) Curse you, Perry the Platypus, even though you weren't involved in this scheme, whatsoever!!!!
(Cut to Phineas and Ferb who are wearing giant Lawrence and Candace heads made of paper maché cheering with the Fireside Girls.)
All: ♪ Bubble gum, bubble gum, running in a sack, ♪
♪ Hop to the finish and don't look back! ♪
♪ Bubble gum, bubble gum, running in a sack, ♪
Ferb: ♪ Hop to the finish and don't look back! ♪
Candace: You got it, Dad!
Lawrence: Look, we're pulling ahead!
Candace: And, look! There's Mom!
Phineas: (on a megaphone) Go Candace! Go Dad! Go Candace! Go Dad!
Fireside Girls: Go, Candace!
(Lawrence and Candace cross the finish line.)
Linda: Great job! I'm so proud of you guys!
Candace: Mom, it was awesome!
Linda: Look, honey!
Judge: (offscreen) And the winner is...Candace Flynn and her dad, Lawrence!
Linda and Candace: Yippee!!! Yay!!!!
Lawrence: Huzzah!!!
Judge: (giving them the trophy) Congratulations!
Candace: Thank you! Heh. And thank you, Dad.
Lawrence: Do you know, Candace, I don't remember much of what happened here today, (hugs his daughter) but I'll never forget this moment with you.
(Cut to Phineas as Perry approaches him.)
Phineas: Oh, there you are, Perry!
Balthazar: Hey, haven't I seen you before?

Doofelations Season 2:88 | Suddenly Suzy

(Cut to Agent P putting on his fedora. He lays on the grass and it flips for a second to a bunny in a patch of snow, then it flips again.)
Major Monogram: (with lots of unshaven hairs on his face) I can't believe you forgot to pick up new razors, Carl! Now I have to go on camera without a clean shave!
Carl: Me, too, sir.
Major Monogram: What? You don't have a single hair!
Carl: I have one, sir.
Major Monogram: Ew! Agent P, you're here! We're getting very suspicious about Doofenshmirtz. He hasn't ordered any bulk items from the Internet in days. Get over there and put a start to it! (Perry salutes.)
(Carl plays "Doo bee doo bee doo bah" on his one whisker.)
Major Monogram: Carl, you disgust and fascinate me.

(Cut to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(Perry goes up the building on his rocket-powered skateboard.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus. (Perry gets tied up by a pair of electronic hands tying a shoelace around him.) How do you like my new Shoelace-inator? It's the perfect match for my new Carbon-Footprint-inator! (Cut to what looks like a giant black foot. The camera also focuses on a disgusted/scared Perry.) I made it entirely out of carbon paper I kept from the 1970s. I always thought it was going to come back. Tsk. Shame. Anyway, people are always talking 'bout reducing their carbon footprint. I don't really know what that means, but it sounds evil. "Carbon footprint." So, my plan is to leave giant carbon footprints all over the Tri-State Area! (Cut to Perry attempting to bite off his trap.) Don't bother, it's double-knotted.

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Dirigible, with the Carbon-Footprint-inator under it.)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Carbon Footprint! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: (a little hoarsely) Everything is going— (clears throat) Everything is going according to my plan! Soon, Danville will know what it is to be trodden upon by true genius! (Perry attempts to get out of his trap) I think I'll start with a pond or bushes or something. You know, to beef up the whole anti-environmental theme I've been dancing around. (Perry finally comes loose from his trap.) Wait, where was that from? (Perry punches Doofenshmirtz.) How did you get out of that double knot? (Perry flings himself at Doofenshmirtz, but Doofenshmirtz pulls a lever opening a window, and Perry jumps out.) Hey, you like the window? I just had it installed! Sayonara, Perry the Platypus! (Agent P's parachute pops out.)

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz.)
Doofenshmirtz: Alright, Danville, get ready for a carbon footprint you'll never forget!! (The Carbon-Footprint-inator stomps onto the faucet, but the gum gets stuck to it.) What? What? Oh, see? This! This is why I hate nature! It's always getting stuck to your foot! Yech!
♪ Tuff Gum! ♪
(The waterfall drops off.)
Doofenshmirtz: There ya go.

(Cut back to the blimp.)
Doofenshmirtz: Alright, we'll try this again. Blah blah blah carbon footprint! (Cut to trucker Perry. He pulls the brakes, and the back part lifts, dropping the big banana off of it. The carbon footprint slips and kicks the blimp deflating it. Doofenshmirtz sighs.) I suppose this was inevitable. Curse you, Perry the Platypus! (Crash!)

Doofelations Season 2:89 | Undercover Carl

(cut to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: There's absolutely nothing going on today.
Norm: Have you finished that puzzle yet?
Doofenshmirtz: No, I lost the stupid box lid. Now I can't figure out how to solve it.
Norm: Then you could finish building me a bride out of icicle-pop sticks like you promised.
Doofenshmirtz: I'd like to help you out, Norm. Really. But look at my tongue. (his tongue is blue) See? Look at that. My doctor said no more blue raspberry icicle-pops until the blue dye flushes completely out of my system.
Norm: Why must I be alone?
Doofenshmirtz: I don't know. Why are raspberry icicle-pops blue? (Norm kisses the icicle-pop stick bride) And I know what you are doing, Norm! You're a sick, sick robot! I need a really evil scheme. But—Oh, it's so hard to create when I'm in one of my moods. (uses computer) Maybe I can borrow someone else's plans from the Internet. (types; sees blueprints) Blueprints, and...search. Ooh, an Anti-Gravity Fun Launcher! How about the Anti-Gravity Evil Launch-inator? There. I changed the name, that makes it mine. This could be the greatest scheme ever! Although, I'm not quite sure of the evil applications. Eh, something will come to me.

(cut to the lab at O.W.C.A. headquarters)
Carl: (gasps) Doofenshmirtz just downloaded a blueprint. (reads the blueprint) "Anti-gravity fun launcher"? Sounds fishy. Let's run it through the anagram decoder. (sees the words "Evil Fanatic Hunt R Raygun" on the screen; gasps) Major Monogram!
Major Monogram: You don't have to yell. I'm right here.
Carl: Doofenshmirtz just downloaded these plans for an anti-gravity fun launcher. But when I run that through the anagram decoder, the letters form "Evil Fanatic Hunt R Raygun".
Major Monogram: Looks like you're missing an E.
Carl: They're probably just trying to mislead us. Let's check the source. (looks at the Flynn-Fletcher file) Agent P's owners! They must be in league with Doofenshmirtz.
Major Monogram: I don't know, Carl. Sounds a little far-fetched.
Carl: But wait, listen to this. It's a seemingly innocent voice recording of Phineas. (plays the voice recording)
Phineas: (voice recording) Ferb, I know what we're gonna do today.
Carl: But if we play all those syllables backwards in a random order, we get...
Phineas: (voice recording) Let's help Doofenshmirtz d-destroy the Tri-State Area.
Major Monogram: Keep a close eye on those boys. See what else you can find out.

(cut to Dr. Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Thanks for bringing this down for me, Norm. For some reason, it runs on solar power.
(sirens wailing)
Police: How many times do I have to tell you: You can't park in a loading zone?
Doofenshmirtz: Well, uh, it's not a vehicle. It's an evil device. You see, this is what I do for a living. (gets a ticket; changes to a shocked face)

(cut to Doofenshmirtz chasing his -inator)
Doofenshmirtz: No, don't! Oh!

(cut to Doofenshmirtz chasing his -inator)
Doofenshmirtz: Stop! (panting) Hm. That's an interesting shape. It looks famil-- (steps on a soda can) Aah! (sighs; sees the "Anti-Gravity Fun-Launcher / Anti-Gravity Evil-Launch-Inator) Wait. An anti-gravity evil launch-inator. I found another one. Heh. What are the odds? (turns on his phone) Norm, get down here. I need help.

(cut to Phineas and Ferb's backyard)
(Norm takes the Anti-Gravity Fun-Launcher)
(makes a little transition to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Norm, you're spectacular. I never knew you could do that.
Norm: Did you know I could also do this?: (turns into a vehicle)
Doofenshmirtz: Really? Wow. I should really read your instruction book.
Norm: Yes, yes you should.
Doofenshmirtz: (drives into the Norm Truck)
Candace: (in the car with Linda) It's about thirty feet tall with electrodes and stuff!
Linda: (flatly) Mm-hm.
Candace: You'll see, I'll just open the gate, and you'll -- (opens the gate) Eek! It's gone!
Linda: (flatly) That's a shocker.

(cut to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: (laughs) Norm, you've really outdone yourself today.
Norm: Does this mean--?
Doofenshmirtz: Yes, you'll have your icicle-pop stick bride.
Norm: Yay.
(The police catch Doofenshmirtz; siren wailing)
Doofenshmirtz: Uh-oh.
Police officer: You got a license to drive a robot with more than two axles?
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, um, uh...
Police officer: That's what I thought. Okay, Charley, pull her up.
Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, motor vehicle code! (he gets towed away)

Doofelations Season 2:90 | Hip Hip Parade

(In Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: Ah, there you are, Agent P. Well, let's get down to brass tacks... (reading his clipboard) What's this? "Happy passive-agressive relationship day"? Oh, is that today?
Carl: That's okay, you probably weren't gonna get me anything, anyway.
Monogram: Weel, I completely forgot.
Carl: No, no, you know I didn't even want a present.
Monogram: Anyway... Where were we? For some reason, Doofenshmirtz has purchased a tow truck. Which isn't evil in itself, but he may be planning on towing something evil, so, check it out.
♪ Perry! ♪

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated ♪
(Perry bursts through the floor)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? (Doofenshmmirtz activates a trap, trapping perry in a door) Hahaha! You like that? I call it my "Indoors-inator". I got the idea from the Perry-shaped hole you left in my wall, and in my bathroom door, a-and in my fridge. Man you were hungry that day. Anyway, here's my evil plan. (He reveals his new -inatr) Ta-da! I'm calling it the "Duplic-8-inator". Get it? Duplic-, then the number "8", then -inator. I'll bet you're wondering what it does, huh? Here I'll show you.
(He fires off the -inator)
Farmer's Wife: I can't believe you started a monkey basketball team, and you've only got one monkey.
(The ray from the -inator hits the monkey, duplicating that monkey eight times)
Farmer's Wife: Oh great, now three of them are going to have to sit on the bench.
Doofenshmirtz: See? It duplicates everything eight times. When I zap those streets there will be eight times the traffic, and Danville will come to a standstill! That's where I will make off like a bandit. You see I bought this tow-truck off the internet, I'm going to call it the "Tow-inator" or something. And open a service, and then I'll go and... 'Course it'll be hard for me to drive anywhere, with all that traffic. T-that's a bridge I'll cross when I get there.

Doofenshmirtz: Now, which button was it? Because one of these buttons just makes it fire willy-nilly all over the place. And, I don't want to hit that one by mistake. (Perry uses his tail to knock on the door that is holding him) Oop, someone's at the door. I'll be right there. Oh excuse me Perry the Platypus, what can I do- (He opens the door, freeing Perry, who punches Doofenshmirtz into the Dupic-8-inator, setting it off) Oh see there, that's, that's the willy-nilly button. (Perry dives at Doofenshmirtz, while the -inator fires off randomly)

(Downtown, the parade is still going on; miniature balloons appear atop the floats matching their likenesses.)
Buford: (From atop a building, overlook the parade) If that parade makes it to the end, my hopes for the Adjacent Area secession are through. I gotta stop it.
Nerd: (Speaking with a German accent) What is your next plan? I know it is going to be something clever!
Buford: That's it! The other accents were amusing, but that one's just offensive. (He hops onto one of the passing floats)
Nerd: (Still speaking with the accent) Wait! What about me?
Buford: I'm firin' you as my nerd.
Nerd: Das ist nicht gut. (This is not good.)
(A stray beam from Doofenshmirtz's Dupic-8-inator hits the small balloons on the kids' floats, duplicating them eight times; causing the floats to lift up off the ground and fly away.)
Isabella: Well, that's weird that our floats are floating away.
Phineas: Yeah, well, they are called "floats".
Buford: (From atop one of the floating floats) What the–? (He unties a singular balloon, that pulls him away)

(Perry and Doofenshmirtz continue to fight, and Perry manages to get Doofenshmirtz to fall off his building onto a nearby floating Perry balloon.)
Doofenshmirtz: A platypus balloon? (The balloon passes by a billboard with a man wearing a fedora, and the balloon picks the hat up.) A Perry the Platypus balloon?!

(Shifts to Buford flying over the Tri-State area)
Buford: (Still floating on the balloon, and seeing the Tri-State area) Wow, it's all just one, big place. No Bi-State area. No Adjacent Area, It's all just one big Tri-State Area, right over there! (The string he was holding onto rips off the balloon, opening a hole on the balloon) Uh-oh. Mamma!
Doofenshmirtz: You know this balloon is actually– (He is cut off, as the balloon flutters about wildly) AHH! Curse you Perry the Platypus Balloon!!
Baljeet: (Seeing Buford fall) Oh no! Buford is in trouble! I must do something! (He goes to a man selling balloons) Please, my bully is in trouble, let go of all of your balloons.
Balloon Man: Yeah, okay. (He releases all of his balloons)
Baljeet: Thank you.
Balloon Man: No, thank you, vegetable samosa.
(Buford grabs onto some of the balloons and slows his fall.)
Fighter jet Pilot: Uh, did you guys see that? Let's investigate.
Phineas: What we really need is a grand finale, so spectacular, that people will always remember Tri-State Area Unification Day.
Isabella: Hey what's that?
Buford: (Coming down from his balloon, then releasing them) Happy...Tri-State...Unification...Day! Woo-Yeah!
(The squad o Fighter jets fly overhead)
Fighter jet Pilot: Yeah, just some Unification Day Parade stunt.
Phineas: That'll do it. Hey, Buford great finale.
Isabella: Yeah, it was really, really nice.
Buford: Nice? Ah, now I gotta go do some'in' to balance out the universe. See ya' on the news. (He walks off)
Baljeet: Wait, wait, no Buford. No. No. No. Please don't. (A red liquid splashes Phineas, Ferb and Isabella) I was going to eat those jelly doughnuts.
Buford: Missed ya' Baljeet.
Baljeet: Right back at ya' buddy.
Ferb: And thus the universe is balanced.

Doofelations Season 2:91 | Invasion of the Ferb Snatchers

(An asteroid flies by in the night sky. The title in large, green letters wipes in. Camera pans down to the house.)
Man: (on TV) Last night's meteor may not have been as innocent as we thought...
(Camera cuts to the television. A black-and-white movie is playing.)
...look what happened to Dr. Zachary!
(Pulls back curtains to reveal a man's head in a jar.
Phineas and Ferb on the couch watching the film.)
Phineas: (High-fives Ferb) Cool!

(In Candace's room...)
Candace: (Hears the film playing) Now what?

(Walks into the living room)
Alright, what are you guys up to?
Phineas: Watching the Invasion of the Human Overlords marathon. They're playing all five movies tonight!
Candace: Is that all? Pfft.
Well enjoy your lame, colorless marathon. I'm heading back.
(She starts to leave, then looks back at the screen)
Candace: Wait, who's that?!
Phineas: That's Dr. Abernathy. He's a scientist!
Candace: He's kind of hunky for a 50s guy.

"Dr. Abernathy": Don't worry. I'll you keep safe.
Woman: Thanks, doctor, but please call me Amanda.
"Dr. Abernathy": Alright... Amanda. (They kiss)

Candace: Sold! (Quickly sits on the couch) Get me up to speed.
Phineas: The aliens are replacing the heads of all the humans with their own shape-shifting, multi-eyed heads, which can then assume the form of the host human.
Candace: Get out, and then...?
Ferb: Once they replace more than 51% of all the humans, they can assume control the earth for their own nefarious purposes.
Candace: Shut up! And...?
(Perry growls and twitches in his sleep)
Candace: No way! Is there no way to stop them?
Phineas: If only you can catch them if they're in their human state. That's when they're at their weakest.
Candace: Then how you can tell they're aliens?
Phineas: There's three classic ways to spot an alien. First, they have strange vocal patterns. They don't quite get human syntax.

"Dr. Abernathy": Pass me that krie-bop, please.
Amanda: You mean this hammer?
"Dr. Abernathy": Oh, yes, hammer. Krie-bop is what we call it in Ohio... where I'm from.

Candace: What else?
Phineas: They're anatomically disproportionate.

"Dr. Abernathy": Now I need the sprigle-brock.
Amanda: The what?
"Dr. Abernathy": Never mind. I'll get it. (stretches his arm to the back of the machine to get the wrench)

Phineas: But the clear sign is that they can safely remove any human head, and replace it with their own multi-eyed, shape shifting head.
Candace: Well, yeah. I guess that would be a giveaway.
Phineas: (pointing to the TV) Like this.

Amanda: Doctor? What's wrong. Are you alright?
"Dr. Abernathy": Yes, Amanda. I'm fine. We're all fine... (comes out, now with an alien head) ...and soon you will be too!
Amanda: NOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
Alien: Sorry, Amanda, but we've waited long enough.
Amanda: NOOOO!!! (Her head is detached and placed in a jar) This can't be! What's happening? NOOOO!!!
The real Dr. Abernathy: I tried to warn you.

(Later in the evening...Candace is still watching the movie as her brothers are now asleep.)
Amanda: Doctor, your head is attached! You're human again!
Dr. Abernathy: Yes, and once Dr. Zachary returns from heading into those dark, ominous woods alone, with his not fully charged flashlight, you will be too... Amanda. (They kiss)

(As Phineas and Ferb sleep the night away, Candace is still watching the movie, at one point standing on the couch punching at the air. The next morning...)
Amanda: But it was all right here! Oh, why did I think anyone would believe me? I was a fool! (sobs) A fool...!
("THE END?" is displayed over the screen.)
Candace: Oh, my gosh, you guys. That was awesome. Guys? Uh, guys? (Sees they have left the couch) Wow, it's tomorrow already. I gotta find those guys and tell them how it ended. Guys, guys, guys, ugh--

(Candace runs into Linda, who's carrying a laundry basket)
Candace: Sorry, Mom. Have you seen the boys?
Linda: Yeah, I think they're upstairs. Can you do me a favor and take the laundry up? I'm late for an appointment.
Candace: Sure, Mom.
Linda: Thanks, hon. I'll be back.
Candace: (Holding up a t-shirt) Oh, how cute. Ferb's torso is so tiny.
(Upstairs; at Ferb) Oh, there you are. You know, that movie was so...
Ferb's cousin: (on computer; Scottish accent; shouting indistinctly)
Candace: Oops, sorry. I'll just put these in your room.
Ferb's cousin: Oh, I wish you were there, Ferb.
Ferb: So do I. Tell Uncle Angus and Aunt Mora thanks for the candy.
Ferb's cousin: Too late. Scotland out. Peace.

Candace: Oh, hey, Phineas. Oh, my gosh, you missed it. By the end everyone got their heads back and everything went back to normal. Well, sort of. The entire laboratory disappeared. But I loved it. I can't look at anything the same way ever again.
Phineas: Cool, glad you liked it.
Candace: Ooh, I-- I almost forgot the coolest part. (In the backyard) Hey, guys. Guys. You're never gonna believe this. At the end, they- (ominous theme playing) (gasps) Ferb? (sees what looks like Ferb removing his head, she screams and runs to the panic room) Oh, my gosh. Ferb's an alien. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hang on a second. I'm sure there's a perfectly good reason Ferb can remove his head. I mean, it's not like he had any of the other telltale signs, is it? Oh, no.
(Flashback #1)
Ferb's cousin: (Scottish accent; speaking incoherently)
Candace: Strange vocal patterns...
(Flashback #2)
Past Candace: (Holding up a t-shirt) Oh, how cute. Ferb's torso is so tiny.
Candace: Anatomically disproportionate... (gasps; Flashbacks disappears) THEY GOT TO FERRRRRB!!!!

(Candace runs to Phineas)
Candace: Phineas, Phineas! I-- I know you're gonna think I've completely lost it, but I'm pretty sure that Ferb is an alien. I've got to find his head and re-attach it.
Phineas: My brother's an alien? How cool is that? But I think you may be letting your imagination get the best of you, sis.
Candace: Oh, a non-believer, huh? Well, you know what? I'm gonna get proof. You'll see. Ferb's an alien!
Phineas: Hey, where's Perry?

(In Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: Sorry about the distraction, Agent P. The ladies are helping to, uh, (reading from a card) "net-roy-er the lair."
Carl: Très bien, Monsieur Monogram. Très bien.
French Maids: (giggles) Bonjour, Carl.
Carl: Bonjour, Madame.
Maids: (giggles)
Major Monogram: So we're having a bit of a cleanup here, which coincidentally is what Doofenshmirtz seem to be having as well. He's put some old "-inators" up for sale on an evil auction site. If one of those devices were to fall into the wrong hands, it could be catast—
Could—Could you please wait for me to finish, Mimi?
Fifi: Non "Mimi." Fifi.
Major Monogram: Oui, Fifi. (at himself) Oh, now I've lost my train of thought. (at Perry) Anyway, get out to Doof's place and put a stop to it. (at Carl) How much is this costing us, Carl?
Carl: Une petite fortune.
Major Monogram: "Petite." That means small, right? Well done, Carl.
Maids: (giggling)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪

(doorbell chimes)
Doofenshmirtz: (opens the door) Oh, hello. You must be here about the ad, right? Well, come on in. It's right over here. (closes the door; dramatic music) Behold the Wrapped-Up-in-a-Nice-Little-Bow-Inator. (Perry, disguised as an evil scientist, blinks) I bet you're wondering what it does, huh? Well, let's say your nemesis is arriving sooner than expected and- And your place is a complete mess. (camera pans to a messy "bedroom") Tidying up is a snap (snaps fingers) with the press of this large, red button. (pushes aforesaid button) See? Wrapped up in a nice little bow. (close up of a box tied up with a red ribbon) You can also use it to hang your clothes on. (hangs one of his lab coats on the Inator) Just like a treadmill. (camera quickly pans to a treadmill with clothes hanging on it) So although my ad said firm, I am flexible, so make me an offer. (Perry blinks twice; Doofenshmirtz rubs a hand behind his head) Wow, you're a good negotiator. Okay, half price. (camera pans to a baseball bat and a container of baseballs) And I'll throw in my Druselstein minor-league baseball collection.
(action theme playing)
(Perry quickly pulls off his disguise then puts his fedora on)
Perry the Platypus? (grabs the baseball bat) Well, it's a good thing I still have my Druselstein minor-league bat. (Perry goes into a defensive position) Have at you!
(action theme playing)
(Perry bats the wrapped up box with his tail. He then kicks it towards Doofenshmirtz, who swings and misses, and the treadmill activates due to it rebounding off the start button.)
(Doofenshmirtz growls)
Aw.

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
(While Doofenshmirtz and Perry were fighting, Perry kicks a box into his mouth. When he removes the bow, everything in the box starts to release.)
Doofenshmirtz: Uh-oh.
(When Doofenshmirtz grows too much, he pushes his inator away. Perry then jumps onto it and escapes.)Curse you, Perry the Plat- (he groans, then spits out a chair) Why did I ever order such a large bedroom set?
(Perry pushes the button on the Wrapped-Up-in-a-Nice-Little-Bow-Inator and the entire building gets wrapped up in a nice little bow)
(action theme playing)
♪ Agent P! ♪
Ow! Wow, you know, it's quite a bit roomier in here than you'd think.
(When the inator hit the ground, it launches a ray into space, then it reaches a satellite and gets launched back to Earth)

Doofelations Season 2:92 | Ain't No Kiddie Ride

Major Monogram: Oh, I thought you were joking about that on your resume. (Perry arrives) Ah, Agent P. Uh, just give me a few seconds. (Major Monogram transfers to the screen of the video game cabinet) Dr. Doofenshmirtz has been buying up every can of aerosol deodorant in the Tri-State Area. And I'm starting to smell like a science-fiction convention. We need you to find out what he's doing with all those aerosol spray cans and put a stop to it. Good luck, Agent P.

♪ Doofenshmirtz walks to the diner! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: I just called in a to-go order for Doofenshmirtz.

Doofenshmirtz: No, no, no, "Doofenshmirtz." Heinz Doofenshmirtz. Surely you've heard of me.

Doofenshmirtz: No, "Doofenshmirtz." Doofen-- My brother is the mayor.

Waitress: Roger Doofenshmirtz is your brother?

Doofenshmirtz: Yes, Doofenshmirtz.

Doofenshmirtz: Heinz Doofenshmirtz.

Doofenshmirtz: (growls in anger) Mark my words. You will remember the name of Heinz Doofenshmirtz. Hm! (He walks out of the diner, but soon pops his head back in) Could I still get my whole wheat on rye?

Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus. How predictable. And by "predictable," I mean completely...dictable, I guess. Anyway... (He pushes a button on a controller, which opens a trap door. Perry falls into a slicked-up pitfall trap then tries to escape.) Oh, don't bother trying to escape. The walls are made of a super-slick alloy and treated with a few dozen coats of non-stick cooking spray. I'm sure you've noticed my impressive collection of aerosol spray cans. Every can of aerosol deodorant, hair spray and bug repellent from the Tri-State area. All mine. I'm tapping into their ozone-depleting propellants to fuel my latest evil scheme: The Aerosol-Propelled Ozone-Deplete-Inator! (a giant mechanical hand squirts some of the spray out of the can) The citizens of Danville will definitely learn the name of Heinz Doofenshmirtz, when I spell it out in the sky in hundred-foot-tall letters made of atmosphere-destroying aerosol gasses, thereby depleting the protective ozone layer. And the resulting radiation will burn my name right through town! Then they'll remember. And if they don't, they can just look outside. (He cackles) I need a little drink of water after a tirade like that.

Doofenshmirtz: Ah, water. It's like drinking wet air. Now, Perry the Platypus, sit back and listen as the entire Tri-State Area screams the name Heinz Doofenshmirtz and never forgets it again! (Two aerosol cans fall into Perry's trap, and he uses them like a jetpack to propel his way out) Hold it right there, Perry the Platypus. (Doofenshmirtz tries to crush Perry with his giant mechanical hand, but Perry dodge it) Agh!

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz)

Doofenshmirtz: (He laughs) Hey, nice move, Perry the Platypus, I got to "hand" it to you. Here, let me give you a "hand." Hey, hey. I'm gonna crush you with my big mechanical "hand." Ha! Well, I– I guess that one was just literal, but I've got you now. (Candace bursts through Doofenshmirtz's lair, cutting off the giant hand)  Wow. Nostradamus was right! (Perry uses the giant hand to smack Doofenshmirtz into the trap he was previously in) Ow! You know, I don't come to your house and– Wait, these don't have any chlorofluorocarbons in them at all. These aerosol cans are completely harmless! Wh-what was I thinking!? Curse you, Perry the Platypus!

Doofelations Season 2:93 | Not Phineas and Ferb

(cut to Doofenshmirtz's building)
Doofenshmirtz: Full steam ahead. Chugga-chugga, chugga-chugga, whoo hoo! Oh, hey, there. Is that the Doofenshmirtz choo-choo? No, it's not! You will all be late for your jobs and be fired. (laughs)
(Perry comes in)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, Perry the Platypus. Hello. Have you come to see my new hobby? Scale model reproductions of actual railroads, train depots... look, even scale model litter. Shameful. My father bought one for me when I was just a little evil, but you know, he wouldn't let me play with it.
(Flashback)
Young Doofenshmirtz: Father, may I play with my trains now?
Doofenshmirtz's father: Nein!
(End flashback)
Doofenshmirtz: Now that I'm old enough to buy my own, I'm disappointed by the shabby quality of the cheap model reproductions. Which is why I'm going to travel the globe and shrink the world's greatest architectural treasures. (breaks out of Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated) Just to put them in my train set, see? The Shrink-inator ray is for the shrinking, the cardboard box is for holding the shrunken treasures, and the bicarbonate of soda is for my motion sickness. First stop: Cairo, Egypt. (laughs) Wrong way.

(cut to Doofenshmirtz and Perry)
Doofenshmirtz: First stop on our shopping spree. You know, I've always dug the Sphinx. I mean, what is it? A man? A cat? A cat-man? It doesn't matter. And gotcha. Now I switch on my Shrink-inator ray and... it's mine now. There you are. Perfect. Look at—look at the detail. Well, you know the saying: "Honk if you love evil"! (laughs, flies off)

(cut to Doofenshmirtz and Perry)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, so we have the Great Wall of China, oh, excuse me, I mean the Great Small of China, and the, uh—The Shrinx (Sphinx), and the Teeny Tower of Pisa (Leaning Tower of Pisa), and the Roman Coliseum—The Coliseum—Coli—I have to think about that one. No matter. Because last but not least, the Taj Ma-Small (Taj Mahal). Ha-ha, oh, that's a good one. Back to the Tri-State Area and let the fun begin.

(cut to Perry and Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, let's see, the uh—the Roman Coliseum. The, uh, No-Man-Can-See-'Em-Because-It's-So-Tiny. No, that's not a good-- (Perry hits him) Ah!

(cut to Doofenshmirtz and Perry)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, w-w-what are you doing with that? Oh, no, my-my Eiffel Tower! Gotcha. Uh, hey, Perry the Platypus, I saved the Trifle Tower (Eiffel Tower). No, Perry the Platypus, don't zap it again. It will make it grow. (cries out) Oh, no, I'm shrunk.

(cut to Doofenshmirtz and Perry)
Doofenshmirtz: All right, put up your dukes! Wait—Wait—what are you doing?! (Perry puts him in his hat.) Hey, this place is nicer than my first apartment.
(Perry zaps the Eiffel Tower and pulls it up, just before Phineas and Ferb walk in the backyard.)
Phineas: ♪ Space Adventure, an adventure in... ♪ Know what, Ferb?
Ferb: We're over it.
Phineas: Yes. Yes we are.
(Cuts to the gate)
Candace: Come on, moms! (Enters backyard) A-ha! (Pause, Linda and the other moms come by in the background.) Huh?!
Phineas: Hey Candace, you built this? Nice to see you're starting to take an interest.
Candace: What?!! No-no-no-no-no, where's the Eiffel Tower? (runs up to them and feels around) Oh, wait. I've seen this, it's invisible! I've just got to find it! (Cuts to a bored Linda and the surprised mothers, she continues offscreen.) It has to be around here somewhere!
Lawrence: (walks up) ♪ Space Adventure. ♪ What did I miss?
(Cut to a stunned Phineas and Ferb.)
Candace: (offscreen) And look! (Runs up) Here are Buford and Baljeet, your sons being bad! (Stretches Ferb's head) They're in disguises! Uh, really good disguises! (Grunts while stretching Phineas' head, chuckles deadpanned) It'll come off in a second.
(Cut back to the moms.)
Baljeet's mom: Does this happen often?
Linda: (With disdain) Yes, yes it does. Welcome to my world. How about a cup of tea? (She walks offscreen, Lawrence and the moms follow her.)
Buford's mom: I hope you got cookies!
Linda: (offscreen) Of course, Biffany.

(cut to Doofenshmirtz and Perry)
Doofenshmirtz: So, let me guess, Mr. Goody-Two-Shoes, we're going to return everything I shrank, right? (Doof sighs) Even the Roman Small-iseum? Hey, look, I finally figured that one out, huh? I- Ow! Oh, curse you, Perry the Platypus!

Doofelations Season 2:94 | Phineas and Ferb-Busters!

(Cut to Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: Where's Perry? Oh, there you are. Didn't uh...see ya...sittin' there. Anyway -- our sources tell us that Doofenshmirtz is up to something and if we're gonna put a stop to it, we'll need a little of that old egg-laying mammalian magic.
(Perry disappears)
Major Monogram: (gasp) Why how did -- oh, why that little scamp?
(Perry leaves)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: Norm, hurry up with that coffee! I still got that terrible morning taste in my mouth. (smacks lips)
Norm: Coming right up, sir! Scalding hot, just the way you -- (trips on the rug, spills coffee) Whoopsie daisy!
Doofenshmirtz: AAAAAAAAHHHH!!! Ow! I know I didn't make you that smart, but you can't even walk straight? (doorbell rings)
Norm: I'll get it. (opens the door, the delivery guy is there) You'll be so delighted when your package arrives in six-to-eight weeks.
(Cut to Doof drying himself off.)
Doofenshmirtz: My new nemesis toy! Go run my bubble bath while I open it. I wonder which one it is. (opens it) Oh, not another platypus. I was hoping for something more like Manny the Mongoose or something. Hey, let's see if it lays eggs. (The "platypus toy" kicks him.) PERRY THE PLATYPUS?!?! Say hello to my little friend! (He pushes a button on his watch, and an inator rolls in.) My new Straitjacket-inator! Haha! it was tailor-made just for you by my other little friend. (Whip pan to reveal a small robot.) It may be small, but it's stronger and smarter than Norm and it's so much more efficient.
(Cut to Norm blowing bubbles into the bath.)
Norm: 847... 848...

(Cut back to Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: Yes, this new robot of mine is much more evil than Norm. Course, it can't talk, but that can be a good thing. And it even has a convenient blender attachment. (The robot's dome opens and produces a smoothie.) Next, I'm thinking of a platypus purée. (cut to Norm's room) This new model requires so little energy to run it really makes clumsy old Norm quite obsolete. (Norm peaks out from behind the door.)
Norm: Now I know I have a heart because it's breaking.
(The "Norm" sign falls off to reveal the word "Closet" behind it.)

(Cut to downtown Danville. The blast effects the entire town, which causes a car to drive off without its driver, an electric razor to shave its user bald, and a cymbal banging monkey to make a baby cry. Cut to D.E.I. The blast effects the building.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, look at him, he's— He's positively shaking with anticipation at the thought of helping me take over the Tri-State Area. He's— (The robot suddenly begins to transform and grow.) Hoo-hoo-hoo! I-I didn't even know he could do that, whatever it is. Wow! I'm a better evil scientist than I thought!
Robot: Doofenshmirtz, your pathetic schemes have all failed! Step aside and let the true master take over! (Powers up his hand)
Doofenshmirtz: (gasps) He can talk! (gets blasted by the robot) And shoot, too! Ow! Save me! Save me, Perry the Platypus! AAAAAHHH!
(Perry manages to escape from his straitjacket. He fires a grappling hook from his wristwatch and it latches onto the robot. He swings onto the robot's arm and gets into a fighting position.)
Robot: Perry the Platypus, my fight is with Doofenshmirtz, not you. (He flicks Perry off and Perry flings out of the building.)

(Cut to outside. Perry's wristwatch communicator beeps.)
Major Monogram: Agent P, an unusual power wave has struck the city with potentially disastrous consequences. Forget Doofenshmirtz, find the source of that power wave, and dismantle it.
♪ Perry! ♪
(Perry launches his hang-glider.)

(Cut back to the timid Doof and the giant robot.)
Robot: Prepare to meet your maker, maker! (He powers up his hand and blasts, but misses when Doof trips.)
Doofenshmirtz: I'm feeling such an odd mixture of pride and mortal terror.
(The robot opens his dome and a giant spinning blade emerges from it. Cut to outside D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) Mostly terror! Mostly terror! Ah!

(Cut back to Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: Norm! Norm, help me, I'm gonna be puréed!
Norm: Sorry, sir, no can do. I'm bringing coffee to the new boss.
Robot: Sounds delicious. Just a moment.
Doofenshmirtz: Aaah! I don't want to be a smoothie!
Norm: Here you go, sir. Just the way you— ("accidentally" throws the coffee mug) Whoopsie-daisy.
(The coffee splashes onto the robot's screen causing it to electrocute. Doof falls into the arms of Norm.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, it's lucky for me you tripped on that rug again.
Norm: There was no rug, sir.
(Cut to reveal a blank shiny space where the rug should be.)
Doofenshmirtz: Awww, thank you, Norm. I shouldn't have been so hard on you, but how come you were not affected by that strange energy thingy?
Norm: (puts Doof down) Don't you remember? I run on squirrel power! (opens his cavity to reveal a squirrel running on a wheel)
Doofenshmirtz: Wow! I should really read your operation manual.

Doofelations Season 2:95 | The Lizard Whisperer

(Cut to Agent P already in his lair.)
Major Monogram: Morning, Agent P. Doofenshmirtz has been stocking up a lot of high-end sound equipment and musical instruments. In fact, he jut outbid me on this sweet vintage solid-body maple-top guitar.
Carl: (offscreen) Ouch! You totally got sniped!
Major Monogram: Carl! Anyway, we need you to find out what he's up to and put a stop to it. (Perry salutes) Good luck, Agent P. (The chopper comes out of his seat and he flies away.)

(Cut to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated ♪
(Cut to Doof's lab. A knock is heard at the door and he answers. Jeremy appears with his guitar.)
Jeremy: Hi, Mr. Doofenshmirtz.
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, actually, it's Dr. Doofenshmirtz. But, y'know, whatever.
Jeremy: (walks in) Are you ready for your first lesson?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, yes, yes. Please come in. I have a very special melody that I'd like to learn how to perpetrate—I mean play. (He plays all open strings on the guitar as his daughter walks into the room.)
Vanessa: Hey, Dad. I'm headed out to the— (sees Jeremy) Oh, a guitar player, huh?
Jeremy: Yup.
Vanessa: So, uh, do you know anything by the Scraping Fangs?
Jeremy: Nah. Not really into the heavy stuff.
Vanessa: (disappointed) I'm outta here.
Doofenshmirtz: (examining his sheet music) Ach! Ach! It's so hard to see all these little notes. D-Do me a favor and flick on that light switch.
(Jeremy puts his guitar down and walks over to the light switch. He flicks it on, but a green-ray somehow activates and hits Steve.)
Doofenshmirtz: No no-no-no. No, this. (showing a lever on the floor) This is the light switch! Ugh! (He pulls the lever) I tried to make it as obvious as possible.
Jeremy: (pointing out the window) But what was that?
Doofenshmirtz: That was just my prototype Gigantinator ray. It's n-nothing to be concerned about.

(Cut back to D.E.I. where we hear a slow guitar melody.)
Doofenshmirtz: How'm I doing? I rock, right?
Jeremy: Um...heh. What's so special about this freaky guitar solo?
Doofenshmirtz: Well, it all started at the...

(Flashback)
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) PYRAMIDS OF EGYPT! I traveled there to, you know, discover the hidden secrets of the PYRAMIDS OF EGYPT! And then it hit me! The answer to my quest was staring me in the face. Hidden in those hieroglyphics was a seemingly random series of musical notes. You see, the PYRAMIDS OF EGYPT! were built with the help of alien intelligence. The Egyptians learned how to play a cryptic guitar solo that would summon an alien armada to help them perform feats of mind-blowing power.
(End flashback)

Doofenshmirtz: That mystical melody is now in my very hands. And once I learn to play it, I can summon the aliens to me and I will become overlord of the TRI-STATE AREAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
Jeremy: Have you considered switching to decaf?
Doofenshmirtz: I'm sorry, I didn't mean to talk all through our lesson time.
Jeremy: Hey, I'm charging by the hour, so knock yourself out.
(Perry flies by in the background.)
Doofenshmirtz: It's just I'm used to doing all the talking with my nemesis. (Perry drops off the chair.) He's a platypus.
Jeremy: Hey, my friends have a pet platypus.
(Zoom in on Perry as he realizes who is with Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: Is he fierce, cunning, and good with a grappling hook?
Jeremy: Oh, no. Their platypus doesn't do much. (Perry jumps out of the building and takes a plunger and sticks it onto the bottom of the "nose" of the building.) Well, let's take another shot at learning this solo. (Doof plays the riff better.) Hey, doc, not bad. I think you might be getting it!

(Cut back to D.E.I. Perry's wrist communicator beeps.)
Major Monogram: Sorry to bother you, Agent P. We just wanted to let you know we'd be temporarily unavailable. Seems there's a giant dinosaur running amok downtown and Carl wants to go check it out. (Carl leans into the frame wearing a "I Heart Dinosaurs" baseball cap.)
(Doof's guitar is heard playing the riff up to speed.)
Jeremy: (offscreen) Well, I think you've got it.
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) Ah, great! Can you give me a hand moving my amplifinator out onto the porch?
Jeremy: Your what?
Doofenshmirtz: It's my omni-directional amplifinator. It will blast my scorching guitar licks in all directions, ripping through the vacuum of space to summon the alien armada that will help me conquer the TRI-STATE AREAAAAAAAA!!! I don't know why I always say that loud.

(Cut back to D.E.I. where Doof is shredding it.)
Jeremy: You're really rockin' now!
Doofenshmirtz: The spaceships should be here any minute. And then, it will be time to pump up the volume!
(The amplifinator raises up on a bar.)
Jeremy: (looks at his watch) Well, that's the hour. I'm gonna pack up my gear. I got another lesson across town.
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, but the aliens are on their way.
Jeremy: (offscreen) Okay. Tell them I said hi.
Doofenshmirtz: They're almost here. Oh, look, here they come! Perfect! The crescendo of all my— (Perry finally arrives on cue) Ah, Perry the Platypus. You don't stand a chance against my awesome heavy metal gear! (He presses a Wawa pedal and the amp next to him releases a trap.) Haha! Get it? Get it? Heavy metal. Like it's...? Ah.

(Cut back to the search party.)
Phineas and Isabella: Steve?
Steve 1: Yes?
Phineas: Sorry. Wrong Steve.
Phineas and Isabella: Steve, where are you?!
Steve 2: (behind a newsstand) Right here. How can I help ya?
Phineas: Uh, I don't think you're the Steve we're looking for.
Steve 2: You might wanna check at the Steve Convention.
(Scene flips to the Steve Convention where a bunch of Steves are gathered outside.)
Steve 3: Hey, Steve!
Steve 4: Cool name, Steve!
Steve 5: Hey, Steve-a-rino!
Phineas: Hmm... (looks one way and smiles) Steve!
All Steves: What?
Phineas: No, no, not you. That Steve.
Steve 6: Aaah! Steve is a giant monstrous dinosaur!
(All the Steves run away from Steve the lizard.)
Phineas: Huh, I guess they don't like chameleons. Nice to see you again, Steve old boy. (The guitar riff is heard in the distance. Steve looks at it and sees that the amplifinator looks like a giant mushroom. He tramples over to the "mushroom".)
Phineas: No, wait! Come back!
(They chase after him.)
(Cut to Doof and Perry)
Doofenshmirtz: Nothing can stop me now! My alien friends, I command you to— (Steve's monstrous hand grabs the "mushroom".) No! Oh, stop! Aaah! (Perry comes out of his trap) This is not working the way it did on paper!
(Perry flips the sheet music upside down and takes the guitar and strums. He plays the guitar behind his head and plays the riff in reverse. Steve covers his ears. The saucers all fly away. Steve eats the amplifinator and Perry jumps on him.) Curse you, (He Townsends the guitar) Perry the Platypus!
(Jeremy returns)
Jeremy: Um, do you wanna pay by cash or check?
Doofenshmirtz: Maybe I could trade you for some evil lessons?
Jeremy: I'll take cash.

(Cut back to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, what's the point? I'm just going to sit here in the dark and rethink my life. (He flicks the "light switch" off and the Gigantinator reactivates.) Whoops, heh-heh. Wrong switcher. Y'know, I—I can see how that would be confusing.

Doofelations Season 2:96 | Robot Rodeo

(At the Quantity Inn...)
Judge: Welcome, one and all, to the second annual Inator Creator contest. And now, please welcome last year's winner, Rodney!
Rodney: Thank you. Feast your eyes, boys. (reveals trophy belt) Ta-daaaa!
(Everyone gasps)
Rodney: Look upon this belt of victory.
Doofenshmirtz: Ooh, I'm taking that puppy home with me, 'cause I'll have a greater Inator this year. Not a greater, it's...I-I'm not gonna break a block of cheese and make nachos for you guys. It's-it's greater in the sense that it's better than it was last year. (pause, walks away) That's what I mean.

(Perry arrives at the Quantity Inn, but gets trapped in a leash)
Doofenshmirtz: Finally, Perry the Platypus! All the other animal agents were here on time before they got captured. I'm just saying. It's embarrassing. Anyway, join your friends in the inhospitality suite! (tosses Perry into metal container) Ha ha! Oh, and Perry the...
Rodney: Heinz, stop monologuing with your nemesis and show us that supposed Inator of yours already! (to his cronies) Doofy rented a private room off the convention floor, because he's still working on his! (they laugh)
Doofenshmirtz: Laugh enough, now, Rodney, but soon, you'll be crying like a...uh, like a...like a...something that's cries.
(Rodney's cronies laugh)
Rodney: Boo-hoo. Boo-hoo!
Doofenshmirtz: OH, he makes me so angry! I'm... uh, because he's so right! I need time to finish my Inator! All I've got so far is the fog machine and that's just to add some "pizazz" to the presentation. I could turn it on and fog out the whole contest, but all that would do is buy me some time...hey!

(Doofenshmirtz puts out his fog machine, which fogs the entire contest grounds, causing everyone to cough.)
Man 1: There's no case to ruin it whatsoever!
Man 2: This is hideous.
(The fog floods the entire town as well as the rodeo.)
Baljeet: It is getting pretty foggy. Should we call the rodeo off?
Phineas: Nah, we'll just incorporate it and have a foggy robot rodeo! YEE-HAW! Ride 'em, cowboy!
Baljeet: Ride 'em where?
Buford: You should see what I'm doin'!
Isabella: This fog is making my hair frizzy!

(Doofenshmirtz is busy working)
Doofenshmirtz: Focus, must finish Inator. (hears applause) Wha... what's all that noise out there? I don't get it, what... what's there to applaud? My fog machine should've obscured everyone's Inators. What could it be...
Rodney: I give you, the Fog Clearer-Inator!
Judge: Once again, Rodney gives us just what we need, just when we need it. That puts him in the lead.
Doofenshmirtz: WHAT!? An electric fan? I knew I could beat that if I just had a little more time! (sighs) Wait! (Stares at the Agent Containment Unit)

(Doofenshmirtz backs up to the Agent Containment Unit and throws an escape blueprint in it. Perry reads it, and the agents form a ladder for him to escape. He then swings the agents out and they strike their fighting poses.)
Scientist 1: The animal agents are free!
(Perry knocks over one of the inators)
Scientist 2: My Inator! How disquieting!
Scientist 3: No, Agent C!
(Agent C smashes another inator)
Scientist 3: Oh, my Mom's gonna kill me-e-e!
Rodney: No, it's just an electric fan! It's beneficial to mankind!
(Agent Kitty starts to destroy the inator, but runs away)
Rodney: Heh heh heh.
(The agents continue to destroy the inators and attack the scientists)

(Doofenshmirtz brings out his finished inator.)
Rodney: Doofenshmirtz, I see you finally managed to cobble something together. What do you call it? A...Later-inator? (sarcastic laugh)
Doofenshmirtz: Noooo, I give you...the Eradicate Rodney's-Inator-inator!
(He presses a remote, the inator fires a boxing glove and destroys Rodney's inator.)
Rodney: What?! No fair! (sobs)
Doofenshmirtz: LIKE A BABY! YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT! That's what I was looking for. AND... IT'S THE LAST INATOR STANDING!
Judge: Doofenshmirtz wins by default!
Doofenshmirtz: By default, my favorite way to win!
Judge: Unfortunately, the trophy belt was destroyed in the fight. So...uh, oh! (He grabs the balloon that just floated by.) Here, take this balloon instead.
Doofenshmirtz: (takes the balloon) Eh, a prize is a prize. (at the balloon) I'm going to call you...Balloony II. (hears mooing) What's that?
(The bulls come stampeding into the room and destroy the Quantity Inn.)
(Doofenshmirtz screams)

Doofelations Season 2:97 | The Beak


(The scene switches to Perry, who is seen entering his lair. On the screen is Major Monogram along with Carl who repeatedly runs onscreen shredding objects and shouting in terror)
Monogram: Agent P, we've begun emergency evacuation plan Zed Omega. We've just received this tape from Doofenshmirtz. Watch closely, Agent P, and join us in girlish panic if you're into it.
(The video shows Doofenshmirtz shaking hands and walking with citizens of Danville)
Doofenshmirtz: (voice over) Hey, guess what, Tri-State Ares? I, Heinz Doofenshmirtz, have seized control of the Tri-State Area and am now your supreme leader. Seriously, life as you know it is over. (Shows him speaking to a crowd) Thank you and remember: Doof you, doof me, doof us! (In a small box on screen, he appears saying) I'm Heinz Doofenshmirtz and I approve this evil message.
(Monogram appears on screen again, in a dress along with Carl who is now shaving his head and is only wearing a diaper.)
Monogram: With Doofenshmirtz in charge, no man, woman, child, or hat-wearing mammal is safe. You must find out how this happened and stop him. (He puts on a wig and Carl gets in a baby carriage) Carl and I will be on the lam, incognito. Good luck, Agent P!


♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Ex-leaders of the Tri-State Area, I have called you here to help ease the citizens into this exchange of power.
Building Superintendent: I thought you called me here to re-caulk your tub.
Crossing Guard: I'm only the crossing guard at Fourth Street and Maple. I'm not really sure how much authority I have.
Doofenshmirtz: Silence! Are you suggesting that I attempted to gather the leaders of the Tri-State Area but the best I could do was a crossing guard and my building super?
Crossing Guard: No, but now that you mention it...
Doofenshmirtz: Silence! Wrong! You're wrong! Do you know who that is? It's only Roger Doofenshmirtz, the mayor of Danville! So shut up! What do you know; you're only a crossing guard!
Crossing Guard: That's what I'm trying to tell you!
Doofenshmirtz: Silence!
Roger Doofenshmirtz: I'm sorry, but if we're not really gonna plan Mom's birthday, then I gotta jet.
Crossing Guard, Building Super: Yeah, us too.
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, hey, hey, wait!
(The door slams and Perry then comes in)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, great, Perry the Platypus. This is all I need... So what did you want to talk to me about-- (He's suddenly hit by a chair and Perry starts going toward him. Doofenshmirtz quickly tries to scoot away) Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa whoa!


(Back with Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!


(Switches to inside City Hall, where Roger watches Khaka Peu Peu pass by)
Roger Doofenshmirtz: Oh, this is not good, Melanie. I'll bet they'll try and pin this on me.
Melanie: It's not like you're the one who used the unsigned proposal for defending Danville from giant robot attacks as a coaster. Oh, wait, you were.
Roger Doofenshmirtz: Yes, it's so easy to blame the guy in charge. "The guy in charge." Ha-ha! That's it.


(With Perry and Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: And... whoa! Uh, you know that whole taking over the Tri-State Area thing? I-I was just bluffing. I-- I hoped maybe if I just told everyone I was in charge, they'd be too lazy or too busy to, you know, actually... check. (His phone rings) Oh, hello, Roger. (He makes a face to Perry) Uh-huh. What? You are? Me? In charge? It worked? You're kidding! Y-You're not kidding?


(In City Hall)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, check this place out. Suh-wanky. Melanie?
Melanie: Hello, Heinz.
Doofenshmirtz: No, no, please call me Supreme Leader Doofenshmirtz. The Great.
Melanie: No.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, I see Roger left me a note. Let's see. "Bro, thanks for filling in for me. You're going to make a great fall guy. I mean, mayor." Aw, that's so sweet. (Perry shakes a box he's holding) Go ahead and put that on my new desk. (Perry sets it down only to have it wrap around him, trapping him) Ha ha! Made you carry your own trap. Now, my first order of business is to make all the citizens of Danville bow down--
Melanie: No, it's not. Here's your schedule and all your missed phone calls. Let's focus.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, uh, wow, uh, okay...
Melanie: And if you hadn't noticed, the city is in the grip of fear and panic caused by an evil super-villain intent on destroying our way of life.
Doofenshmirtz: What? But--but that's my job!


(With Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, as much as I hate joining forces with good, I need to take my responsibilities as mayor very seriously, if I plan to abuse the position later, so... (He presses something on his desk) Melanie, have you gotten me the phone number of The Beak--?
Melanie: That's your stapler.
Doofenshmirtz: Oops, sorry. (He presses something on his desk again) Have you gotten the phone number of The Be--?
Melanie: Still your stapler.


(With Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Melanie?
Melanie: That's your tape dispenser.
Doofenshmirtz: Mela--
Melanie: Paperweight.


(In City Hall)
Doofenshmirtz: Melanie, could you come in here--
Melanie: And that would be a bowl of mints.
Doofenshmirtz: I've got my finger in a bowl of mints?
Melanie: Yes, you do.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, well, that would explain why there are so many buttons.


(In City Hall)
Doofenshmirtz: Melanie, do we even have an intercom?
Melanie: We do not.
(A whooshing is heard outside as the Beak and Khaka Peu Peu fly past the window)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, look, it's The Beak. Awesome! I'm gonna go check it out.

(The Beak flies up from where Phineas had jumped, stopping Isabella)
The Beak: Don't worry, your friend's fine. He landed on a... ledge, but don't look for me because he... crawled in a window. You know, perhaps I'm over-explaining this. Gotta go! (He flies back to Khaka Peu Peu knocking down the Khaka Crawler)
Khaka Peu Peu: Admit it, you're having a bad day.
The Beak: Never! Nothing's gonna stop me from having the best day ever.
Khaka Peu Peu: Oh, yeah? Well, I never had a best day ever. Thank you very much.
The Beak: I get it, Ferb. All this guy ever wanted was to have the best day ever. You know what we have to do, right?
Khaka Peu Peu: Now, Beak, we finish it.
The Beak: I coul-- (He takes off the mask, causing Phineas' voice to return to normal) --dn't agree more.
Khaka Peu Peu: Huh?
Isabella: Phineas is The Beak?!
Candace: (Sarcastically) Hey, you just earned your "Uh-Durr" patch.
Khaka Peu Peu: You're just a couple of kids.
Phineas: Sure, my name's Phineas and this is my brother Ferb.
(It shows Candace running over to her mom, who's coming out of an eyeglass store)
Candace: Mom, did you see them? Did you? Did you? Did you?
Linda: Um, no, the optometrist just dilated my pupils. Everything's actually a big, blurry blob at the moment. But get me. "I'll be back."
Khaka Peu Peu: But there's no point in being a super villain if there's no superhero to fight with.
Phineas: Exactly. We were thinking of rebuilding our cool skateboard ramp. Wanna help? It'll be fun!
Khaka Peu Peu: Really? You want me to help? Wait a minute, how is that fun? It's like 85 degrees out here. That sounds dreadful!
Phineas: But--
Isabella: But--
Candace: But--
Khaka Peu Peu: Forget it! (He's knocked out of the Khaka Crawler after getting hit by a chair)
Khaka Peu Peu's Wife: Where you been?
Khaka Peu Peu: Oh, hi, honey.
Khaka Peu Peu's Wife: Shoo-ush, you! You were supposed to take me shopping. I need me some more throwing chairs!
Khaka Peu Peu: Yes, dear. (He walks away, mumbling) There goes my day, thank you very much.
Phineas: Well, it looks like he's gonna get his punishment after all. (He and Ferb walk away)
Doofenshmirtz: Finally. It's my turn. (He jumps into the Khaka Crawler) Now, let the master show you how evil is done!
(As Doofenshmirtz takes off, Perry runs and jumps into the abandoned Beak-suit. He takes off after Doofenshmirtz)
♪ Perry ♪
Isabella: Phineas, I'm sorry I doubted you. I should have known you were The Beak all along.
Phineas: That's okay, Isabella. I'm sorry I couldn't tell you.
Isabella: I know you were just trying to protect me.


(Back with Doofenshmirtz and Perry, Perry runs the Beak-suit into the Khaka Crawler)
Doofenshmirtz: What? (Perry jumps out of the suit while Doofenshmirtz begins to crash) Curse you, Perry the Beakapus!
(Perry lands in Monogram's baby carriage, right behind Phineas and Ferb. Phineas looks back, hearing it, but Monogram's already walking away.)
Phineas: What was that?!
Monogram: Good work, Agent P.
Linda: Oh, hey, my vision's clearing up. So, what did you want me to see?
Candace: Oh, forget it.
Linda: Okay, then. Why don't we all go home for some snacks?
(The town cheers before everyone starts to head to the Flynn-Fletcher house)
Isabella: (flirtatious) By the way, Phineas, you were very brave.
Phineas: (Obliviously) Thanks. You were too.
Ferb: Um, hello? Entire lower half of amazing superhero here. (He sighs) I guess there's no glory in thighs.
Narrator: And so things pretty much worked out. I guess. Narrator guy is out. Peace.

Doofelations Season 2:98 | She's the Mayor

(cut to Perry with Major Monogram and Carl)
Major Monogram: Morning, Agent P. Uh, sorry we have to meet here at the agency sauna. It's just that if we don't use it at least three times a month, we lose our privileges. Anyway, it's our old friend Doofenshmirtz again. He's been researching both theoretical physics and golf fashion. Sounds like an unholy combination. So we're sending you in undercover to stop him. Good luck, Agent P. Agent W! Ha ha! Didn't see you there. How's the old blow hole?

(Cut to Danville Country Club.)
Doofenshmirtz: (on phone) Yes, Mother, I know I promised that I'd spend some quality time with my brother, but, golf? Really? I mean... No, I am not a big baby! I, uh, I am not! Oh, there he is now. Goodbye, Mother. (hangs up)
Roger: Hello, brother dear. Sorry we're late. Couldn't be helped. You know how it is. Traffic was terrible and I've already wasted half a morning not caring at all about being punctual for our golf game. Oh, and this is my caddy, Katie.
Katie: (giggles)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey...hey, where's my caddy?
Perry: (chatters)
(Cut to reveal Perry dressed as a caddy. Doof, as usual, does not recognize him without the fedora.)
Doofenshmirtz: Say, you're not my regular caddy.
Roger: Oh, lighten up, Heinz. You know what they say, "You can't be tee'd off once you've teed-off." Heh-heh-heh. That was very funny.
Doofenshmirtz: What? Who says that?
Roger: You know, "They." (points over to his left) Those guys over there.
(Cut to a couple of creepy looking twin dudes.)
"They": You can't be tee'd off once you've teed-off.
(Cut back to Roger, Doof, Katie and Perry.)
Roger: Creepy, huh? I've been trying to ditch those guys all day.
Doofenshmirtz: (to Perry) Are you sure we haven't met before? You look so familiar. Something about your platypus-like beak. Hmmm. Can't quite put my finger on it.

(Cut to a very sleepy Doof. Roger swings and hits his ball.)
Roger: Heinz! Wake up, Heinz, we're on to the next hole already.
(He drives off in the golf cart.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, I hate golf! It's boring to watch and tedious to play. That's why I came prepared. You think this is a normal golf bag, don't you? But when I twist this club here... (an inator appears on the green) Behold, the Accelerate-inator! With the Accelerate-inator, I can fast-forward my brother through this boring golf game in seconds. (looks through the monitor) Ah, there he is. Let's give it a shot. Fast forward!
(Song: "Platypus Walk" (instrumental))
(Roger gets zapped and quickly hits his ball at each hole.)
Doofenshmirtz (cont'd): Hee hee hee! Oh, yeah! Yeah, look at him go! Hee hee hee hee hee!

(Cut back to the golf game.)
Roger: Amazing! The ninth hole already? Feels like we just started and we're halfway through.
Doofenshmirtz: (laughs) This is fun! There's just...one tiny, minor flaw to this machine. There's a good chance it could tear apart the very fabric of space-time, possibly even destroy the universe. But I mean, golf, jeesh! Totally worth it. (Perry runs off) Whadaya say we amp this up a little? (Perry whacks the inator with a golf club.) What, are you out of your mind?! (The scene reverses.) !?dnim ruoy fo tuo uoy era, tahW

(Scene opens up on the City Hall clock; it strikes 1:00.)
Roger: And now, ladies and gentlemen, it is with great pride that I announce the winner of this year's annual "Mayor For A Day" essay contest.
(Cut to Doof on the green.)
Doofenshmirtz: (groans) What is keeping Roger? He's so rude. It's a good thing I have my Accelerator— (Cut to reveal the Baby alien with his hammer near the inator.) Hey! What are you doing?! (The baby alien destroys the inator effecting the space-time continuum once more.)
(Cut back to Roger.)
Roger: Congratulations to our own local Old Coot!
Old Coot: (approaching the podium) New law: If ya find any gold, it's mine! (spits)
Everyone: Hooray for finding gold being a metaphor for...Oh, wait. I think we're supposed to take that literally.
Candace: Pssh! I was robbed!

Doofelations Season 2:99 | The Lemonade Stand

(Scene shifts to Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: Agent P, I'm glad you're here. Dr. Doofenshmirtz has been hoarding all of the paper in the Tri-State Area. Find out what he's got up his sleeve, other than, apparently, an enormous amount of paper. Good luck, Agent P.(Perry salutes and leaves.)

(Switches to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated)
Doofenshmirtz: Finally! The plumber. The garbage disposal is stuck again. The same one you fixed last week, by the way! And while you're at it--(exclaims) Oh, who needs to see that?! Yeesh! Oh, I'll be in the other room. I mean, oh, for crying out loud--(Perry gives him the bill) What, you're done already? You've only been here for, like 15 seconds. And I was talking for, like half of that. What kind of a plumber are you?
(Perry chatters then removes the hat)
Doofenshmirtz: A platypus plumber?
(Perry puts on his fedora)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the platypus plumber?
(Perry removes the tool belt then gets into fighting position)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus?! (traps Perry in a roll of toilet paper) Ha ha, ha ha ha! Amazing what you can do with toilet paper! Which you would know, if you were a real plumber. In fact, it's amazing what you can do with all kinds of paper! (showing several stacks of paper in the background) And no, I'm not a hoarder.

(Switches back to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, that's a lot of paper. Would you like to know what I'm going to do with it all? Well, I'll tell you. (retracts a screen in front of Perry and the show begins)
Man: Birth of an inator! The wheel, the light bulb, the frozen pop with two sticks, so you can give half to a friend. All profound inventions in their time, but they fail in comparison to the Paper-Cut-Inator (shows a picture of a machine with a cannon with claws around it)...brainchild of the world-renowned evil genius Doctor Heinz Doofenshmirtz!
(showing a horrible picture of the said doctor)
Doofenshmirtz: I was sick that day!
Man: This new and exciting inator turns any kind of paper, into razor sharp slicing missiles (pronounced as Mis-eye-lles) and hurls them toward an unsuspecting tri-state-area...watch out Danville!!
(one of the paper slices pokes a man)
Second man: Ouch! Something bit me!
Man: That something is evil science, tiger! Good thing the local pharmacy is fully stocked with new Doofenshmirtz Brand Adhesive bandages (shows a bandage with the sick Doofenshmirtz face as the logo). They are terrific and expensive! And brought to you by Danville's newest soon-to be trillionaire, Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz. (the picture is seen again) Thanks, Heinz!
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, that picture's gonna haunt me.
Man: And happy evil!
Doofenshmirtz: (video off) Not bad, huh? I'm gonna do all of my Inator introductions like that from now on! It just so much more professional looking!
(Perry rolls his eyes)

(Switches back to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Let me show you my Paper Cut-inator in action!
(He steps on the edge of the toilet paper, causing Perry to spin very quickly, then shoves some paper into the Paper-Cut-inator) First, we get a piece of paper, and then we put it in and--oh! That auto-feeder. It scares me every time! Okay, Danville. Get ready for some serious minor cuts in liberations!
(The Paper-Cut-inator starts warm up while Doofenshmirtz takes out a pair of binoculars)
I wouldn't want to be getting one of those rejuvenating sea salt scrubs right now. The stinging would be unbearable! It just takes a little while to warm up.
(Perry continues spinning)

(Switches to D.E.I., where the Paper-Cut-inator is still warming up)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, it's almost warmed up. Are you watching Perry the-- What? What the...?
(Perry ceases spinning and rips the toilet paper roll in two, freeing himself)
Doofenshmirtz: How did you get out of that!? It's two ply!
(Perry throws spitballs at Doofenshmirtz while his theme song plays instrumentally in the background)
Doofenshmirtz: Ow! Spitballs? Oh, I get it. Paper fight! (makes a figure used in paper football and throws it at Perry who ducks and raises two arms as the paper football flies between his arms) GOAL!!!
(Perry makes a paper fortune teller and uses it against Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: I am NOT in love with Sophie! I am not! Oh, you're gonna get it now, Perry the Platypus! (puts on paper hat) Boom! (no effect) Well, that doesn't do much. I'm gonna get you with the Paper-Cut-inator! (trips) Flypaper? Well, it doesn't matter! Look!
(Paper-Cut-inator emits one slip of paper, while a "thump" sound is heard)
Doofenshmirtz: One piece? That's it?
(Perry puts a plunger in the auto-feeder)
Doofenshmirtz: A plunger jam?! Ah, I hate those! They always make the Paper-Cut-Inator-- (Hundreds of paper slices fly around Doofenshmirtz injuring him all around) Explode! Curse you, Perry the Platypus!

(Switches to Evil Incorporated once more)
Vanessa: Hey, Dad! I just got some great lemonade from the new stand down the street. It's really sour. Do you want to--(slips on some paper; exclaims)
Doofenshmirtz: (screaming)
(lemonade spilling)
OW, THAT SMARTS, PERRY THE PLATYPUS!
Vanessa: Uh, Dad? You know he's not here, right?
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, I know, but I'm sure it's his fault.

Doofelations Season 2:100 | Phineas and Ferb Hawaiian Vacation

Major Monogram: As you know, Doofenshmirtz is in the area of the Big Island. He's obviously up to no good. Find out what's he up to and put a stop to it.
Carl: (off screen) Sir?
Major Monogram: Uh... I promised Carl to get him one of those hula wigglers for his dashboard. He thinks it would be neat.

(Scene shifts to Pink Unicorn Island)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? Well, first of all, I just want to state for the record that this island was not my first choice. I wanted Skull Island right over there, but it was already booked for Jacob Bernstein's Bar Mitzvah, and so all there was available was... Pink Unicorn Island.
(pan flute)
So go ahead and laugh it up. (Perry smirks) I will say this was considerably cheaper than Skull Island and look! (holds up a pink bathrobe with a pink unicorn embroidered on it) I get to keep the robe! (drops the bathrobe) Oh, where are my manners! Aloha! (drapes a lei over Perry) That's Hawaiian for... (the lei quickly binds Perry, who glares at him) you're trapped! And why am I here? you ask. See these little, mini volcanoes? They contain a certain primordial ooze I need for my latest evil device. Behold, the De-Evolutionator! I... don't know why it looks kind of looks like a giant fish bone. It's just how it came in the kit. (pours the ooze into a pan, then tosses the bucket) When I unleash this baby on the Tri-State Area, it will make every man, woman, and child moonwalk backwards down the evolutionary chain, finally stopping at a wimpy little Pliopithecus. (singsong voice) Ooo, I'm Pliopithecus. I'm not evolved enough to stop a modern man like Doofenshmirtz. (laughs) And that's when I swoop back into town and take over. Isn't that just Darwin?

(Scene shifts to Pink Unicorn Island)
Doofenshmirtz: (shooing some cats away) Shoo, shoo! Get out of here! It's not a real fish! (at Perry) As I was saying, the De-Evolutionator will blast past the Pacific Ocean, bounce off the satellite, and completely blanket the Tri-State area, de-evolving everyone!
(Perry glares)
How are we doing in the back row? Can you see okay? Alright; away we go! (turns the knob on a controller to "de-evolve", but nothing happens) Oh, for badness sake! What now? (climbs up to the lens) Oh, I see. It's.. it's a little smear on the lens. I just... (wipes away the smear)
(The machine fires a green glowing ray that hits him in the face, transforming him into a monkey. He screeches angrily and jumps away. The ray then hits Perry, who is now a Cave Platypus. Cave Perry throws a bone that hits the machine and knocks it down. The ray starts firing wildly, hitting Perry more often than not as the two fight as they bounce up and down on the evolutionary scale.)

(Scene shifts to Pink Unicorn Island)
Doofenshmirtz: (noticing the size of his right ear) Okay. This I don't even get.

(Back at Pink Unicorn Island...)
Doofenshmirtz: What? What is it? Oh, great. Now I'm a single-celled organism. Now how am I going to drive home?

(Scenes shifts to Pink Unicorn Island)
Doofenshmirtz: No, wait! Don't throw that out! No! Curse you, Perry the Platypus!

(At the bottom of the ocean)
Doofenshmirtz: Who could've guessed my De-Evolutionator would backfire on me?
(The other amoeba raise their hands.)
Alright! Put your pseudopods down. Hey, what's that? My De-Evolutionator. Right there on the ocean floor. If it's still working, I can throw it in reverse, fast forward, and evolve back to my former wickedness! It's a good thing I installed this molecular scale control panel. It seemed frivolous at the time, but I'm glad I did it. And... (evolves back into his normal self, then swims to a nearby island) Ugh. Phew. It's strange that my underwear and socks evolved with me.

(action music)
Major Monogram: Agent P. We still don't know the current whereabouts of Dr. Doofenshmirtz, but we're picking up a strange signal from the island of Wa Ta Lot Ta Hoie. It could be a (???) for the missing De-Evolutionator. (folds up the map) You better investigate. Good luck, Agent P. (at Carl) Carl, more ice!
Carl: Coming, sir.

(On the deserted island....)
Doofenshmirtz: With the De-Evolution-inator back in my hands, I can reverse the settings, and I'll have the most highly evolved brain on earth! (hits himself with the De-Evolutionator, only to have his head swell up) Now that I'm so smart, I don't think it was such a good idea.

(On a deserted island....)
Doofenshmirtz: Being stranded on a deserted island is much easier with a normal sized head. Oh, I got something. ... It works! I found a platypus!
(Perry removes a crab from his fedora, then puts it on)
Doofenshmirtz: (gasps) Perry the Platypus!?!

Doofenshmirtz: Just because we're stranded on a deserted island, doesn't mean we should abandon our normal lives, don't you think? Because then the Tiki gods would win! (pauses) So, I made myself supreme ruler of the Tri-Coconut Area when no one was looking. It stretches all the way from the big rock over there where I'm drying my socks and undies to those three coconut trees at the end of the beach. And I have my minions. Look, if they don't obey, I eat them. What's that look? (camera pans to the De-Evolutionator) Oh, you're looking at the De-Evolutionator. Is that why you're here? Well, don't worry about that. I had to disable it. It was doing bad things to my head, man. I keep it around for the crabs. They really seem to like it.... I know. Weird, huh? They get all Kubrick-y on it. (notices that Perry escaped from the trap) Hey! ... Okay, fine! Go ahead along! See if I care, but your little webbed feet away from my... (a crab pinches his finger) Ow! Oh, you're so going to be crab cocktail.

(Scene shifts to the deserted island)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, Perry the Platypus! I'm drawing a line in the sand. You are not allow to cross this line.
(A coconut falls from a palm tree. Perry, holding a tray of fruit, comes to pick it up.)
Ooo, refreshments!
(Perry picks up the coconut then places it on the tray)
Where you get that? Could I... Could I have some? (pauses) What, the line? (erases part of the line) Oh, look, I was just kidding about it. Look! Look! Look! It's not a real line.
(Perry ignores him as he walks away)
It's not a barrier. Aw, come on!

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, Perry the Smarty-pus! (Perry quickly looks up) Feast your eyes on this! Behold, the Sand-inator! (Perry glares) I bet you're wondering what it does, huh? Huh? Well... Well, it's easy. It causes great, irritating sand to wedge itself into your swim trunks, causing it to chaff, get a rash, and have a lousy day at the beach. How do you like...?
(Perry stands up, revealing that he isn't wearing any swim trunks)
Hah, you don't wear trunks. What is that? A European thing? (gets hit by an incoming wave) Oh, hey it works. I have sand in my trunks and it's really irritating.

Doofenshmirtz: I may be starving and dying of thirst, but at least I got my hovel. What does he got? Nothing! He's a platypus. They've... got like... webbed fingers and no opposable thumbs. Practically flippers.
(Caribbean music)
But... but... What? Those are my minions! Whoa, whoa, whoa! Traitors!

(Meanwhile, with Doofenshmirtz and Perry...)
Doofenshmirtz: I've got to get off this island. What I need is a BO-AT, or boat as I now been told how it's been pronounced. (notices Perry, who's loading bags of coconuts onto a boat) Oh, look! A BO-AT! ... A boat! (at Perry) Ah, Perry the Platypus. I've decided that our efforts would be better spent if we work together to get off the island. Here, let me help with it.
(picks up one of the bags, throws it on Perry, and then steals the boat)
You don't mind if I borrow your boat. (laughs)
Major Monogram: (emerging from the sand) Nice work, Agent P. Agent W will take it from here. (at Agent W via wristwatch communicator) Rubber ducky is in the water. Over. (at Perry) Uh... What do you say we get something to eat? I hear there's this great restaurant on the other side of the island. (holds up a tiki charm) I found one of these. Maybe we'll get a free dessert.

Doofenshmirtz: Ha, ah! So long, Perry the Sucker-pus! Look after my minions! (at himself) Those little traitors! (pauses) Oh, for crying out loud!

Doofenshmirtz: (muffled) Curse you, Perry the Platypus! (at a coconut and a pelican) Listen up, both of you. Let's get one thing straight. I am supreme ruler of this place and don't you forget it!
(The pelican bites Doofenshmirtz's nose, who screams in pain)

Doofelations Season 2:101 | Phineas and Ferb: Summer Belongs to You!

♪ Doofenshmirtz in a Jet Airplane! ♪
Dr. Doofenshmirtz: Well, Vanessa, are you looking forward to seeing Tokyo on our daddy-daughter trip?
Vanessa: Yeah... I was really hoping for Paris. I mean, I did drop all those hints, but I guess Tokyo is more exotic.
Dr. Doofenshmirtz: Yes, that's why I chose Japan over Paris at the last moment! That makes perfect sense. There is no other ulterior motive behind it all, so, you know...
Airplane Captain: Uh, this is your captain speaking, we're expecting a slight delay for our arrival to Tokyo.
Dr. Doofenshmirtz: That's always something. Turbulence, headwinds, giant jump-roping robots...
(Outside, it is revealed the rope-jumping robot's jump rope got caught on the plane tail and is dragged along with it.)
Robot: I dangle, therefore, I am...

(Scene shifts to Doofenshmirtz and Vanessa)
Vanessa: Look at this, it says that the tallest structure in Tokyo is the Tokyo Tower. And it even looks like the Eiffel Tower!
Dr. Doofenshmirtz: See? It's just like we're in France! Oh, here's my bag now!
Vanessa: I can't believe you brought work with you!
(Doofenshmirtz's "bag" is revealed to be Major Monogram tied up to a cart)
Dr. Doofenshmirtz: What do you mean?
Vanessa: Dad, you've got some guy tied up in here.
Dr. Doofenshmirtz: No, no, Vanessa. We've got some guy tied up in here.
Major Monogram: I've got a name, you know.
Dr. Doofenshmirtz: All right. Vanessa, Major Monogram. Major Monogram, Vanessa. There, you happy now?!
Major Monogram: I've never been happy.
Dr. Doofenshmirtz: Come on, let's go get a taxi.
Major Monogram: I'd prefer a town car.
Dr. Doofenshmirtz: Quiet, you!

(Switches to a view of Tokyo Tower, with Vanessa and Doofenshmirtz)
Vanessa: It says here that the Tokyo Tower is the tallest self-supporting steel structure in the world!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, look down there, that guy just fell off his bike.
Vanessa: But..it says nothing about a...giant water balloon.
(The Tokyo Tower is seen again but reveals a giant water balloon hanging from the top)
Vanessa: (Suspiciously) Dad?
Doofenshmirtz: Do you like it?
Vanessa: We're supposed to be on vacation.
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, we'll be on our way as soon as Major Monogram drops this water balloon on the entire International Good Guy convention.
Major Monogram: I would never pull an elaborate childish prank like that. It would ruin my reputation! Destroy my credita- oh, I see where you're going with this.
Doofenshmirtz: Yes! And best of all, without your leadership, it will totally put an end to the...yes... What's the name of your organization again?
Major Monogram: The O.W.C.A. The Organization Without a Cool Acronym.
Doofenshmirtz: Okay. Well I'm going to put an end to Ah-ooh-CA, I guess...? Wow, that really isn't a cool acronym.
Major Monogram: Told ya.

(Back at Tokyo Tower)
Major Monogram: No one in the Agency will ever believe that I dropped that water balloon.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, they will. Because you're going to confess that you did it on-camera for the world to see!
Major Monogram: You can't make me talk. I have nerves of steel and...an iron will and...gold teeth and a...copper spleen. Basically, I'm 35% metal.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, man. It must be hard getting through the airport.
Major Monogram: Oh, don't get me started. Anyway, you can't make me talk.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh yeah? (Puts his fingers on the Major's mouth as if he's the one talking) "I am Major Monogram. I dropped that water balloon. I have poopy pants." Eh?
Major Monogram: Well. I stand corrected. That's actually very convincing.
Vanessa: Dad! This entire trip has been about your work! That's it! If you don't want to spend time with me, then I don't want to spend time with you.
Doofenshmirtz: Vanessa! Where are you going?
Vanessa: I'm going to the airport and I'm flying to Paris. (Perry lands beside her) Hey, Perry. (to Doofenshmirtz) Alone if I have to!
Doofenshmirtz: Vanessa, wait! (Vanessa stops) You have all the traveler's checks.
Vanessa: Traveler's checks? Really?!
Doofenshmirtz: Ohh, did I say traveler's checks? Uhh, no, no... I do wanna spend time with you... Ohh look, look. I'll drop the water balloon right now and... (gets kicked by Perry)
(The remote hits Major Monogram before dropping on the ground and breaking, the button on it beginning to blink)
Major Monogram: Cheese and crackers! Oh, excuse me, you two... But uh...is that button supposed to be blinking like that?
Doofenshmirtz: Yep! That means it's working!
(The water balloon starts swinging from where it's attached on the top of the tower)
Vanessa: Ohh, this can't be good. (She gets hit by the water balloon and falls)
Doofenshmirtz: Vanessa! NOO!
(She shouts as she falls before she's caught by Phineas and Ferb's plane)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, they caught her! They caught her!
(Vanessa pulls herself away from the glass and sees Ferb on the plane)
Vanessa: Ferb?
Ferb: Vanessa?
Phineas: No matter where we go, Ferb knows everyone.
(Ferb lets her in)
Vanessa: Thanks, guys.
Phineas: It's a good thing we came along when we did. So where do we drop you?
Vanessa: I don't know. Where are you guys going?
Phineas: Well, we're off to Paris to refuel then back to Danville.
Vanessa: Can I just come with you?
Phineas: Sure.

(The plane continues on and Doofenshmirtz watches from the Tower.)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, wait, wait... You saved her and now you're running off with her like...? OH! I have very mixed feelings about you! (to Perry) Uh... Perry the Platypus, how did you get here? I-I need a ride. Could you guys help me out?
Major Monogram: You're kidding, right?
Doofenshmirtz: No! I have to save my daughter. This is a big deal! Oh please? Please please? Oh, please please-y weasy please please? Please?
Major Monogram: Fine. But after we get her back, you're going to answer for what you've done here, mister.
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, what? You were coming here, anyway, and... (He accidentally steps on the button and water balloon is released from the rope holding it to the tower and flies up into the sky) Oh, and uh... As far as flinging that water balloon into orbit, hehheh... (puts his fingers on Major Monogram's mouth again) "I did that."
Major Monogram: Seriously. When was the last time you washed your hands?

(Scene opens on Perry's hovercraft)
Major Monogram: Do you even have any idea where we're supposed to be going?
Doofenshmirtz: Fortunately, Vanessa's wearing the earrings I got her. They're made out of these cool little tracking devices. Look, see; the signal's not too far away but it's on the move. Thataway! Woohoo! Team Doofenshmirtz, go! (Perry and Major Monogram glare) What? Like I'm going to let you name the team? Organization Without a Cool Acronym?

(On Perry's hovercraft)
Doofenshmirtz: I got her! She's down there on that craggy mountain. Quick! Let's land this bird.
Major Monogram: The terrain is too treacherous. You're going to have to parachute. Here's your parachute, goggles and oxygen mask.
Doofenshmirtz: Wow, you have everything. How about a nice cup of hot co... (The seat ejects him) COOOOOOO!!! (Doofenshmirtz lands on the mountain and begins to roll down, gathering snow and accidentally making a giant snowball)

(The giant snowball lands beside Perry's hovercraft and the snow falls off, revealing Doofenshmirtz.)
Major Monogram: So, how'd it go?

(Back on Perry's hovercraft)
Doofenshmirtz: According to this sdƃ, Vanessa's in some place called sıɹɐd. Hmm...
(Perry turns over the GPS)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, Paris! That makes a lot more sense. That's actually where she wanted to go. Good for her.

(On top of Eiffel Tower)
Vanessa: I don't know, Ferb. I know he's my dad and I shouldn't blame him for being busy, it's just that...he always seems to put his work ahead of me. (She sighs) I just don't know what to do.
Ferb: Well, sometimes if you love somebody, you have to meet them halfway.
Vanessa: Halfway, huh? Hmm. (Ferb looks and sees a flower shop as she's talking) You mean like, maybe I should take an interest in his work? I would but, it's actually evil. I just can't... (She looks to see Ferb is gone) Ferb?
(Doofenshmirtz arrives and is near Vanessa)
Doofenshmirtz: Vanessa! We've come to rescue you!
Vanessa: Dad? I was just gonna... Wait. What do you mean "we"?
Doofenshmirtz: I hitched a ride! You remember these guys, don't you?
Major Monogram: Hello again, young lady.
Vanessa: I can't believe you brought work with you again!
Doofenshmirtz: Work? What do you... Oh, you mean them? No, Major Monobrow and Perry the Platypus, they...they were helping me find you!
Major Monogram: Monobrow?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, come on. You've got that whole thing up here, it runs right... It's one straight line, for crying out loud!
Major Monogram: That's it. I'm getting my tweezers back from Carl.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, come on, Vanessa. I came halfway around the world to get you!
Vanessa: Halfway?
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, halfway around the world.
Vanessa: You met me halfway.
Doofenshmirtz: I suppose you could put it that way.
(Vanessa and Doofenshmirtz smile at each other)
Vanessa: You did, didn't you? You know what Dad, move over. I'm coming with you.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, this is great, Vanessa! Why don't we talk to these guys for giving us a tour in Paris? We could go check out the Guillotine Museum!
Major Monogram: Gross.
(Ferb comes back to with a rose in hand, and sees Vanessa flying off with Doofenshmirtz)
Vanessa: Bye, Ferb! Thanks for everything!

Doofenshmirtz: (On the hovercraft) Hey, check it out! It's my giant water balloon!

(Back in Paris)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, thanks for the lift.
Major Monogram: Before you leave, we have one more thing for you.
Doofenshmirtz: Really? What is it?
(Perry handcuffs Doofenshmirtz)
Major Monogram: Those are handcuffs.
Doofenshmirtz: I know what handcuffs are. I'm not an idiot! (to Perry) And not one word outta you.
Major Monogram: Well, there's a list of outstanding violations as long as your arm.
Doofenshmirtz: Ohh, well, I do have unusually long arms.
Vanessa: But we're on vacation!
Major Monogram: Oh, don't worry young lady. You'll be able to continue your vacation in 10–20 years.
Doofenshmirtz: I'm gonna beat the rap, though. I've been working on a rap-beat-inator. I just don't know if it works in France. I mean, if you see the electrical outlets here, I wouldn't even know where to start.
Vanessa: Hold it right there! (She holds up what looks like a ray of some sort) Step away from the evil scientist!
Doofenshmirtz: Vanessa! I'm so proud of you! You are evil!
(They commandeer Perry's hovercraft)
Vanessa: I'm not evil. Just get in the car before they find out this is only a hair dryer.
(They take off)
Doofenshmirtz: This is a hair dryer?
Vanessa: Yeah. I got it in Tokyo.
Doofenshmirtz: Cool! But they didn't know it was a hair dryer when you pointed it at them, so...that means you're little evil!
Vanessa: Okay, Dad. Maybe I'm a little evil.
Doofenshmirtz: I knew it! (He cries in joy) That's okay... I'm not gonna cry...
Vanessa: Dad.

Doofelations Season 2:102 | Nerds of a Feather

(Song: "Doof 'N' Puss")
Doofenshmirtz: "Where's Perry?" is written on this wanted poster, hanging on a tree. And we see this little hand reach up and tear the poster down and the music kicks in and all, "Chicka, chicka, chow, chicka, chow, chow, chicka, chicka, chicka, chicka, chow," and the opening credits start, like on one of those cool 80's TV shows with a voice over. You know...
Major Monogram/Voice Over: A fugitive, semi-aquatic special forces amateur stage magician, framed for a crime he didn't commit, the 1865 assassination of Abraham Lincoln, joins forces with a rogue-trillionaire inventor-extreme fighting champion from the future. Together with the aid of "R.I.C.K.", their super crime-fighting high-tech talking rickshaw, they'll bring hope, justice, and varying degrees of aquaticness to a Tri-State area in peril. Together, they are...
Female singers: ♪ Doof 'N' Puss! ♪

Major Monogram/Voice Over: Tonight's episode, Ham on Rye, Hold the Mayor.
Doofenshmirtz: You know, in the future we won't sit and read newspapers in the morning. Instead, giant robots will control us in human death matches. (Camera pans to Perry, who is putting poker cards on the table) Well, that gives us something to look forward to.
R.I.C.K.: Good morning, team. (Small monitor comes out of the rickshaw)
Doofenshmirtz: What's up, Ricky?
(Perry chatters)
R.I.C.K.: I've detected some strange, out of character behavior from our mayor recently, which has me concerned. (His screen shows Roger, waving) Here he is from a news report over a year ago. (Camera switches to the footage) Notice how he waves, it goes side to side, see? (Replays the footage in slow-mo) Again, side to side. (His screen switches to another footage at night, with two men. One with a clipboard, the other with a big scissor, Roger, and Bridgette Oshinomi, with a chopped ribbon) Now, here's footage from just two days ago. (Roger lifts his hand) Watch. See? His hand goes up, and then he transforms into a wolf with fiery, red eyes, and runs howling into the misty night.
Doofenshmirtz: Now that you mentioned it, that is unusual for him.
R.I.C.K.: We've got to somehow get close to the mayor, and find out what's going on.
Doofenshmirtz: (Snaps his fingers) We're gonna need a turban and a wig. And while I'm out, I'm gonna pick up some bagels. Anyone else want anything?

(At City Hall)
Fake Mayor: Thank you for auditioning, but we're looking for something a little more dazzling for the mayor's ball.
Doofenshmirtz: No wait! We can dazzle, we can. I will now saw The Amazing Platydini in half. See? See? Platypuses, they're like butter.
Assistant to the Mayor: Mayor, we got this surveillance photo from the wig and turban supply store.
Fake Mayor: It's Doof 'n' Puss.
Doofenshmirtz: And now, Plati-padapbra!
Fake Mayor: Oh very impressive, Doctor Doofenshmirtz and Perry the Platypus! Now it's my turn to make you disappear.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh no! Ninja Vampires! I hate these guys.
(Doofenshmirtz engages in a martial-arts duel with a ninja vampire. Cut to an unrelated shot of a wooden shack blowing up. Perry the Platypus leaps from the magician's box in two halves, both ready for battle.)
Ninja Vampire: Wow, he's good.
(Perry's top half punches a ninja vampire. Cut to a speedboat blowing up. More fighting. A bowl of fruit explodes. Doofenshmirtz and Perry the Platypus get backed up against a wall)
Doofenshmirtz: I picked the wrong day to stop carrying garlic scented throwing stars.

Major Monogram/Voice Over: We now return to:
Female Singers: ♪ Doof 'n' Puss! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: (He and Perry are tied up inside of a storage closet) Well what did you expect? It was like twenty of them, against one-and-two-halves of us.
(In the corner Roger Doofenshmirtz is struggling to get out of his own bonds)
Doofenshmirtz: Look! It's the mayor! Get him! (leaps at Roger)
Roger: (After being wrestled across the room) Knock it off. I'm the real mayor, that other guy is a shape-shifter posing as me.
Doofenshmirtz: You know that's funny, you know, even while I was attacking, I was thinking; Why would did he tie himself up in a dark closet with us? Wh-what kind of a plan is that?
(Perry chatters)
Doofenshmirtz: (to Perry) Oh, you've freed yourself with your amazing magician skills!
(Perry brandishes a pair of scissors)
Doofenshmirtz: And also scissors.

(During Doof 'n' Puss)
Mayor's Assistant: And now to present his various new, pro-ninja vampire laws, here he is, the totally, for real, Mayor.
Doofenshmirtz: Freeze punk-fake mayor guy!
Fake Mayor: You want me? You come get me! (He then transforms into a giant pint muscled monster)
Voice Off Screen: Wait hold on a second.
(The show stops, revealing that Doofenshmirtz was just pitching an idea to a big shot TV executive at the convention)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, what?
Jeff McGarland: You can't just throw a monster in to the end of a story because you're stuck for an ending. It's lazy. It's lazy writing.

Jeff: On, on second thought I love it. You may have tied me up next to-what is this? A beaver or something? (Referring to Perry) And, and pitched me a TV series against my will, not to mention holding up the autograph line. But my advanced TV executive instincts tell me your show is going to be a big hit.
Doofenshmirtz: Yes! I'm going to have my own show, on television! And then, all of these fans will be so in awe of me, they will do my bidding. It's actually happening! I am going to rule the Tri-State Area!
Jeff: Just a thought though, can we get the platypus a girlfriend?
Doofenshmirtz: What! Never! Oh, so suddenly you know my character better than me? Forget it! I'm no sell out. I just crassly calculated commercial appeal in a mad quest for financial gain. No, no my artistic integrity and I are out! Peace!

Voice over: We now return to, The Platypus & His Girlfriend.
The Platypus's Girlfriend: Now Mr. Mayor, I will saw the amazingly handsome Platy-dini in half.
Doofenshmirtz: (Watching the show) Ahh, he was right. This is better. I should have sold out.

Doofelations Season 2:103 | Wizard of Odd

(Cut to outside of Doofenwitch Warlock's Castle which looks like Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Wicked Witch Castle! ♪
Doofenwitch Warlock: It's not witch! It's warlock! Argh! Let me just check my security.
(Cut to Doofenwitch Warlock's crystal ball)
(Beep) The front door looks good.
(Beep) The back door looks good.
(Beep, then shows Agent P climbing up) The platypus outside my window looks good.
(shocked) The platypus outside my--
(Agent P attacks Doofenwitch Warlock on his face)
Ooh! Oh! Gross!
(Doofenwitch Warlock throws Agent P to a spider web, then traps him)
Hey. I know you... you're with that little boot thief, right? Well, I'm going to send out my flying squirrels after her! (sighs) Those stunning little planes, they're cute, but, you know, that they don't fly so fast. We've got some time.

Doofelations Season 2:104 | We Call it Maze

(Perry is seen entering his lair through a vent above the kitchen stove)
Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P... (Exclaims) Sorry, we haven't cleaned that entrance in a while. Don't worry, we have a moist towelette.
(Perry opens the package and wipes himself)
Major Monogram: Anyhow, Doofenshmirtz has gone missing. We've used our global location scout and we can't find him anywhere. Even his answering machine has given us no clue as to where he is.
Dr. Doofenshmirtz: (via answering machine recording) Hello! You've reached Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz. I'm not here right now, or am I? Muhehehehehe. Oh! And if you're calling about the piano it's already been sold.
Major Monogram: We need you to find him. Good luck Agent P. Monogram out.
(Agent P runs out)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪
(Perry walks up to a pull-string Doofenshmirtz doll, and pulls the string)
Doofenshmirtz Doll: Hello Perry the Platypus... Sorry I'm not here to greet you myself, but this is... a trap.
(Perry falls into a rocket ship, which launches.)

(Perry's rocket ship land in a space station resembling Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ahh, Perry the Platypus, welcome to my evil space station! (Echo: Station -tation -tation cookie -tation) Wait, did you hear that? That "cookie" part? I think my echo is broken, I really do. Any who...have a seat. I've set up a presentation for you. Ten years ago I was backpacking across Europe, when I came across a group of Canadian college student. Dylan was the most popular among the group, but but I was the oldest, so rivalry was inevitable.

(Doofenshmirtz is showing to Perry a few diapositives (it's a projector, not a retrospective) about his trip to Europe 10 years ago.)
Dr. Doofenshmirtz: ...then the Ambassador's wife filed a complaint... Long story short, I am never welcome in Albania ever again. But the point is, I ended up alone in Italy, and it was lunch time, so I went to the Leaning Tower of Pizza, and you know what? They don't even make pizza there! And I said, "What do they mean?" It's the Leaning Tower of Pizza! It's got " pizza" actually in the name! But they were adamant. "No pizza for me!" L-L-Likelike I'm the idiot. I was like, "You're not so great. You're not so special. What? Just 'cause you're leaning?" Then it hit me. I'll just lean my own building, and then it will become a big tourist attraction, and I'll sell all this merchandise, I'll make millions. Which I will then use to finance phase two of my maniacal plan: Tilting every building in the world! And the Leaning Tower of Pizza will no long be special. Ooh, ooh, and then I'll straighten my own building, and it will still be a tourist attract, 'cause you know, it's the only straight building. I just now thought of that. Just now. See that's how genius happens. It's a lot of leaning and straightening, you get the idea. I'm going to use this Tilt-inator, and do it all from space! (Echo: Space space space cookie space) There! There it was again! You—you heard that? My next to last echo is broken. I'm going to have to have that checked.

(Scene shifts to the space station)
Doofenshmirtz: The Tilt-inator is set with an automatic timer, once it's activated, even I can't stop it. All that's left to do is open the bay doors, (Doof sighs) this may take awhile.

(Inside the space station)
Doofenshmirtz: ...And done. So Perry the Platypus, in fifteen seconds, will turn my building into the leaning tower of Doofenshmirtz! And you'll notice, there's no self-destruct button, no reverse levers, no abort switches, it's completely Perry the Platy-proof! Nothing can stop me now!
(Perry takes the pin that was holding the bay doors open, causing them to fall.)
Doofenshmirtz: Uh oh. No no no! Stop stop stop stop stop! Stop it!
Computer: ...Four...Three...Two...One...
(The Tilt-inator fires a ray, tilting the station.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, no! Why would you even do this? Now I need to open the door and reset the Tilt-inator countdown to fire again.

(Scene shifts to the space station)
Doofenshmirtz: ...and done. Now with the—Hey! Where'd you go? What are you doing up there?
(Perry on top of the Tilt-inator, sticks a snow globe in it.)
Doofenshmirtz: Nooo!
Computer: ...Three...Two...One...
(The Tilt-inator fires, refracting off the snow globe, sending beams in all directions.)

(The Tilt-inator continues to fire, and Perry escapes in his rocket.)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus! Wait for me!
Singers: ♪ Agent P! ♪

Doofelations Season 2:105 | Ladies and Gentlemen, Meet Max Modem!

(Cut to Perry on the couch. He puts on his fedora. The sofa cushion flips and he goes under. Cut to Agent P's lair. Some loose change and cash falls out of the chute followed by Agent P.)
Major Monogram: Ah, Agent P, there you are. Dr. Doofenshmirtz has been spotted playing with a hoop. See what he's up to. (Perry looks scornfully at Monogram.) That's it. That's all we got.
(Agent P straps on a backpack. A spring emerges from under his chair and he launches up out of the cellar doors and into the sky. He presses a button and his hang-glider is released from the backpack. He ejects from the hang-glider into D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus, (hula hooping) as you can see I've been struck by hooping fever. Go ahead, try it. (Perry starts hooping) Like this, yeah. Now do this, with your arms down. (Perry does so and the hoop traps him.) Oh, finally! My hips were about to fall off. Behold, the Alien-inator! It's a projector that will transmit holographic images of space aliens onto the steps of the Tri-State Capital. Then, when everyone is scared witless, I will emerge in my king of the aliens costume and seize control of the entire Tri-State Area. Hee hee! I'm gonna go put it on.

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz's lab.)
Doofenshmirtz: Are you ready? Don't peek. (Doofenshmirtz appears wearing an alien costume with a small crown on its head, a cape, and an inexplicable tan.) Ta-da! What, nothing? Wow, tough room.

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz and Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: Alright, Perry the Platypus, (leading his nemesis to the inator) let's start by placing you right here. There you go. And then, I'll set the timer here. Mustn't forget to open the roof; (cut to an exterior shot of D.E.I. as the roof opens) a little something we learned from the Diarrhea-inator debacle. Right, Perry the Platypus? And set the timer for ten minutes so I can get to the steps of the Tri-State Capital building in time to lead my alien army! Ha! Oh, and don't get any bright ideas about thwarting me while I'm gone, because this inator, it's got a few tricks up its sleeve.

(Cut to Danville City Hall. Doofenshmirtz flies down in his rocket-powered jet skiff.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, good, I'm early! And a killer parking space, too! Score! Time to set up.
Passerby: Nutjob.
Doofenshmirtz: Now let's see. Take over the Tri-State Area speech, and water, in case I get parched during my maniacal rant. Hee hee. Loud-inator. (He gets up on a literal soap box and turns on his loud-inator.) Check, one, two, three.
Sally: Papa, Papa, I wanna see the clown!
Sally's Father: Sally, he's no clown. He's a nutjob.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, ha ha ha! Laugh it up now! A-And when your friends ask what happened to Casual Fridays, you can tell them you opened your big mouth!

(Cut to the roof of D.E.I. Perry finds the remote to his trap and disables it. He gets in a fighting position but the inator produces a boxing glove and hits him.)
Alien-inator: I am programmed to defend myself against all attacks. You cannot defeat me, Perry the Platypus. Time is up.
(The inator activates. Cut back to the nutjob known as Doofenshmirtz.)
Doofenshmirtz: Elected officials of the Tri-State Area, look to the skies in horror! (The "aliens" arrive) You are being invaded from space by invaders from space! And I, the King of the Aliens, am here to accept your unconditional surrender!
Man: I though he was a nutjob!
Woman: Me, too!
Doofenshmirtz: Now bow down before me. Bow down and I will spare your menial jobs!
Man 2: Do we get to keep our healthcare benefits?

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, you can keep the 401(k), but the daycare you're gonna have to pay for out of your own pockets! I-I-I've made enough concessions here!

(Cut back to Perry)
Alien-inator: Dr. Doofenshmirtz has programmed me with all of his vast knowledge of you. Your secret agent skills are useless. (Agent P thinks for a moment, then takes off his fedora and goes into mindless pet mode and chatters.) Perry the Platypus, where did you go? I was not informed that your agency had developed a cloaking device. Here, Perry. Perry. Come to— (Perry jumps on the inator toppling it over. The "aliens" disappear.)
Man: Look! The aliens are disappearing!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, great. Now I am a nutjob.
(Perry jumps off the inator. Cut to Danville Arena where the inator ray zaps in its vicinity. Cut back to the song where the alien projections appear on stage with Max Modem and the Mainframes.)
Max Modem: ♪ She's got an alien heart! ♪
♪ (She's got an alien) Pumps like the Dickens! ♪

Doofelations Season 2:106 | The Secret of Success

(Scene shifts to Perry on a skateboard. He rides it across the street to a construction site through a pipeline and arrives at his lair, landing in his seat upside down)
Major Monogram: Ah, Agent P. Uh, oop! Uh, hold on a sec. (grunts while turning his camera upside down) There we go! Doofenshmirtz has been spotted buying television cameras, boom mics, and makeup. Find out what he's up to.
(Perry salutes)
♪ Perry! ♪

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪

(Perry enters and gets trapped in a chair)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus, so good of you to volunteer for my cause! Since the cost of evil went up, my alimony checks barely cover my overhead. So, I've come up with a brilliant idea. The Telethon of Evil! With lights and a camera and uh, ooh, and a tote board, look. People will call in and send me money, and you can help man the phones. (puts a phone on Perry's lap) I had trouble finding a station that will put it on, so I invented this: the Preemptinator. With this machine, I can preempt other TV programs! (inhales) As soon as I can figure out if I can plug in the red wire or the green wire.
(Perry looks at the camera disgusted)

(At D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: I hope you're ready for the big show, Perry the Platypus! [plugs the blue plug with the green wire) Because Evil Incorporated is on the air!
(The Preemptinator activates)

(in a man's house)
Announcer on TV: Down as 2 and 2, here's the pitch --
(screen on TV goes to static)
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) We preempt your normal programming with the first annual Telethon of Evil! (cut to studio) And now live, because it's evil spelled backwards, your host, Heinz Doofenshmirtz!

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I want your money ♪
♪ I'm strapped for cash ♪
♪ I need your money ♪
♪ Too lazy to get a job ♪
♪ Give me your money ♪
♪ I'm not being funny ♪
♪ Give me your money today! ♪

(Back at D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: And we're back. The Inator Corporation was generous enough to send us a giant check for $23. Thank you, Sid and the guys. You do an important job. (pause) That brings our tally up to...
("23" appears on the tote board)
Doofenshmirtz: $23! Uh, let's go to the phones again. (pause) Okay, if no one calls in the next few seconds, the platypus gets it!

(In another house, the scene on the TV switches to a news channel.)
Announcer: We preempt this current preemption to bring you another preemption.
Bridgette: This is Bridgette Oshinomi in the news breaker van, we're following an out of control All Terrain Vehicle that is barraling on down Broad Street.
Doofenshmirtz: This is what preempted me! Ugh! The newspeople, they're behind this, and I won't stand for it!
(Perry uses a pair of chompers to cut his trap belt)
Doofenshmirtz: I must destroy them! (riding hovercraft) NOTHING cuts into MY television face time!
(The scene changes to a "no signal" screen with Agent P on it.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, haha, very funny! Everyone's a comedian.

Bridgette: The vehicle looks to be filled with children.
Doofenshmirtz: Good thing I installed a TV screen so I can follow the live coverage. Here's for stealing my ratings! (fires rays at the news van)
Bridgette: Whoa!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, I keep missing!
(Perry runs up, but Doofenshmirtz kicks him away and keeps shooting)
Candace: B.L.A.R.F.! B.L.A.R.F.! B.L.A.R.F.!
(more rays keep firing)
Bridgette: What is going on up there? Are you getting this, Don?
Don: (driving helicopter) We're right above you. Brigitte, have you seen something kinda strange up here?

(Doofenshmirtz appears on the hovercraft's TV screen)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, hey, it's me. It's me. I'm back. Perry the Platypus, look, the—oh, oh, it's the chopper cam. (singsong) Hello? I'm back. Hi, hi, Mom. Hi.
(Perry the Platypus and news helicopter leave)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, going back to the more dramatic wide angle shot --
(Doofenshmirtz crashes into his building, poking through the tote board in the studio)
Doofenshmirtz: And the final tally is...unbearable pain. And, probably a herniated disc.
(the hovercraft crushes the news van)
Bridgette: And...cut tape.
♪ Perry! ♪

Doofelations Season 2:107 | The Doof Side of the Moon

(Scene shifts to Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P! It appears that Doofenshmirtz has been brushing up on his astronomy. He's rented an award-winning astronomical musical, Supernova? Fabulousnova! We don't know what it means, so we need you to get over there unrealistically fast. Good luck, Agent P! Agent P?
(Agent P is already gone)

♪ Doofenshmirtz, four seconds later! ♪
(Perry drills through the ceiling and drops into the room. Immediately a space helmet drops on top of him and traps him inside)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh. Perry the Platypus, why do you always rush over here just to get trapped? It makes no sense. Ya like that? It's a space helmet. I got a bunch of them used. They still smell like astronaut. I think that's what that is. Anyway, since you're here, let me tell you about my new hobby; making charts and graphs. See, this is a chart of my canteen usage! Which has plummeted since childhood. (Flips the chart to a second one) And this is my evil. I noticed that in any given month, my evilness--that's the red part--stays perfectly constant. Evenly evil. But around the same time each month, there's a spike in background evil, see that, right here? And during that part of the month I actually seem less evil by comparison! And why? Why is it? It's the full moon!
(He pulls away the chart, showing a picture of the full moon)
I mean, werewolves alone must count, for like, 20% of that! How can I compete? Then I realized; if I could rotate the moon, then the dark side would always be facing us, bringing all other evil to a standstill, and making me the only evil game in town!

(Scene shifts to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: So, to recap, I rotate the dark side of the lunar surface towards the Earth, eliminate the full moon and corner the market on evil! What? It's genius. Why are you looking at me like I'm an idiot? Would an idiot build...THIS? (Presses a remote control button. A curtain goes up, revealing a cork with a jellybean taped to it) Oh wait wait, not that, that's just a cork taped to a jellybean...but don't judge it, it's a layered idea. Now behold, the Lunar Rotat-inator! (Pans to outside Doof Inc. Penthouse ceiling rolls back to reveal nothing) Oh wait, wait, it's not up there yet, hold on. Okay, wait, wait, almost there. (The inator rises into view) Okay, there! Now you can behold!

(Scene shifts to Doofenshmritz Evil Inc. Perry dons a Viking hat, vocalizes an extremely high note, and the window of the helmet shatters.)
Doofenshmirtz: Wha?
(Perry runs for him, slips on the jellybean taped to a cork, and falls flat on his face)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha! I told you it was a layered idea! Now, to show the moon who's boss!
(He presses a button and the Lunar Rotat-inator fires, hitting the moon, which rotates. Since the building is attached to the moon, it shudders and begins to rotate with it, rising off the ground as Albert, Phineas, and Ferb look on.)
Phineas: Huh. I don't remember adding that.
(In the driveway)
Candace: Mom! Mom! Giant building!
Linda: Just a sec, Candace. Let me grab these groceries. (As the giant building narrowly misses them as it rotates over them.) Aaand...there we go. Now what were you saying?
Candace: (With her eyes closed) Look!
(As expected, the building is gone and only the boys are there.)
Phineas: Hi, Mom!
(For the rest of the conversation, Candace just stands there pointing with a deadpan expression on her face.)
Linda: (smiles) Oh, hi, boys. What did you do today?
Phineas: We tried to make Danville a more interesting place.
Linda: Well, you guys do that just by being you.
(She goes inside, leaving the shocked Candace be as the building disappears offscreen; we hear the door slam.)

(Back at Doofenshmritz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, this doesn't make any sense. The moon is rotating, but the dark side isn't moving. Ohhh, I bet you had something to do with this. Didn't you, Perry the Platypus? You're always messing me up. You're mean. Mean, Perry the Platypus, born mean, that's all. Wait, what are you doing? Making magic fingers at me? Wha--are you even listening to me?
(Perry pushes the inator just a little and it is smashed by the building. Perry then grabs a space helmet and jams it onto Doofenshmirtz's head as his lab coat catches on a pipe and he is towed into space.)
Doofenshmirtz: You know, this isn't big enough to trap me!...CURSE YOU, GIANT FLYING BUILDING!

(In space)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, oh, now I think I get it! The light from the moon is just a reflection of the light from the sun! Ah, dummkopf!
(Camera zooms out to show that he is sitting on the edge of the building in space.)
I should have rotated the sun.

Doofelations Season 2:108 | Split Personality

Monogram: Agent P, Doofenshmirtz has been seen at the Danville public pool, installing some kind of new device. We need you to get there immediately. Good luck, Agent P.
(Agent P salutes and then hurries away)

(At the public pool, Doofenshmirtz is seen in a line for a high dive)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, I'm glad you're here. I'm just in line for the high dive. You see, it reminds me of the high dive I knew as a kid at the Gimmelshtump Public Wetness Maker.

(Flashback)
Doofenshmirtz: (Narrating) It wasn't so much of a pool, as it was just a...we'll just say that it only had water in it on alternating Thursdays, and leave it at that.
Anyhoo, in Gimmelshtump, the high dive was an important rite of passage.
Heinz's Father: Are you a man or a schnitzel?!
Young Heinz: I'm a man, I'm a man!
(Young Heinz climbs up the ladder, lays on the top and looks down in fear)
Queuing man: Das Kind ist ein Schnitzel! (That kid is a schnitzel!)
(He and other queuing men laugh)
Doofenshmirtz: (Narrating) With all those people looking and laughing at me, I-I just couldn't do it.
Heinz's Father: Ich habe keinen Sohn. (I have no son.)
(Young Heinz sadly follows his father away from the pool)
Doofenshmirtz: (Narrating) After that, my father and I became increasingly distant.
Heinz's Father: Zu nah! (Too close!)
(End flashback)

Doofenshmirtz: Now, I will conquer my fear and jump from the high dive. But you know, I still don't want any of these people to look at me and make fun of me. So I invented the Look-Away-inator! You'd think it would attract a lot of attention at a public pool, but so far no one's noticed it. It must be leaking or something.
(Multiple people walk by and gets hit by the leak, looking away and falling into the pool)
Doofenshmirtz: Anyway, when I do my man making dive, you can bet that no one in the Tri-State Area will be looking. Sure, it may be tough for people who happen to be driving, plus, brain surgeons might have a problem too. But it's really a small price to pay for me becoming a man, right?
(Agent P glares at him)
Doofenshmirtz: You're right. I gotta trap you.
(Some life-rings drop down on Agent P, trapping him)

(Back at the public pool, Doofenshmirtz is now first in line for the high dive. He looks at the top nervously as he sees a bird crash into it. He looks to the man beside him.)
Doofenshmirtz: You can go ahead if you want. I'm not in that much of a hurry.
Man: (knowingly) Uh-huh.
Doofenshmirtz: Have fun up there. (chuckles nervously; looks to the kid next in line) So...
Kid: Don't talk to me, Mister.

(Back at the public pool, it's Doofenshmirtz turn for the high dive but he simply stares up instead of going)
Kid: Mister, come on. It's your turn. Are you some kind of a schnitzel?
Doofenshmirtz: I am a man! Not a schnitzel. (Climbing up the high dive) I will prove it right now! (scoffs) Nobody calls me schnitzel anymore! I bet he doesn't even know what it means the little... (He reaches the top) Hey, hey, wait a minute. This isn't as bad as I remember...it's so much worse! (Clings onto the diving board)
Kid: (Flatly sighs) Schnitzel.

(Back at the pool, Heinz is still clinging to the board, and the people in line are becoming increasingly impatient)
Man: Come on buddy, let's go!
Kid: (has climbed up the diving board) Watch out, schnitzel! (skillfully dives into the pool)
Man: Yeah!
Kid: Boo-yah!
Woman: Now that's a man!
(Doofenshmirtz whimpers pitifully)

(At the public pool, Doofenshmirtz seems to have recovered some of his bravery. He is slowly standing up on the diving board, pulling out the Look-Away-Inator's remote.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, okay, I'll show you. My Turn-Away-inator and I are ready to go! (presses the button and everyone at the pool looks to the side, away from Doofenshmirtz) That's right, look away.
(The scene switches to a room where a man is chiseling a giant sculpture, the machine affects him and he accidentally hits the statue with too much force causing it to fall apart.)
Sculptor: (Sarcastically) Fantastic.
(Switches to a medical room, where three brain surgeons are working on a woman's brain. They too are affected by the Look-Away-inator)
Brain Surgeon: Uh, has everyone paid up on their insurance bill?
Woman: I taste lilacs.

(At the pool, Doofenshmirtz is preparing to dive)
Doofenshmirtz: Now I'm ready. (His head suddenly turns to the side) Oh, I didn't realize it would affect me, too! Not ready!
(He shouts as he loses balance, falling down into the water below. His splash hits his Look-Away-inator, rendering it useless)
Doofenshmirtz: (Flailing in the water) Ah, I can't swim! I am a schnitzel! I am a schnitzel!
(Perry jumps into the pool, breaking out of his trap, and tosses a life-ring over Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: (Stops shouting and flailing) Curse you and thank you, Perry the Platypus.
♪ Perry! ♪

Doofelations Season 2:109 | Brain Drain

(Perry puts on a surgeon mask, walks past Phineas and Ferb's room, puts on his fedora, and then continues running)
Major Monogram: Agent P, I didn't know you were a germaphobe. (at Carl) Carl, he's afraid of germs, just like you.
Carl: It's not the germs, sir, it's the garlic smell.
Major Monogram: If you have something to say, Carl, spit it out!
Carl: Ugh, never mind, sir.
(Perry takes off the surgeon mask)
Major Monogram: Anyway, Doofenshmirtz has been seen racking up huge bills in Brain, Bath, and Beyond, the area's largest Big Box Mind Control Warehouse store. Get to the bottom of it. Monogram out.
(Monitor static)

Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus. I've been expecting you. Sit anywhere, Perry the Platypus, make yourself at home. (laughs maniacally; puts helmet on Perry) So, what do you think of my De-Volitionator? Not to be confused with my De-Evolutionator from a few schemes ago. You see, volition is our ability to choose what we are going to do. Whereas evolution... eh, that's got something to do with monkeys, I think. But this allows me to take over your volition and control what you do. Like this, watch. (Electricity fizzing) How do you feel, Perry the Platypus?
(Perry chatters)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, it doesn't matter because I'm in control. Okay, turn, and... let's go outside and see what this baby can really do! And let's make this snappy, I gotta pick up my daughter by 5:00. You remember Vanessa, right? You know, you blew me up at her birthday party.

♪ Doofenshmirtz's ex-wife's sports sedan! ♪
Vanessa: Thanks for driving me to the Scrapyard Invasion party, Mom.
Charlene: Now remember, I won't be able to pick you up afterwards 'cause I'm gonna be getting my nails done. So, I have your Dad picking you up.
Vanessa: Oh, that's cool. If by cool you mean completely embarrassing me in front of the only people whose opinions matter to me.
Charlene: At least he's trying.
Vanessa: Yes, very trying. Do you remember the last time he picked me up?
(Flashback)
Doofenshmirtz: Vanessa, over here! Hop in!
(Everyone laughs)
Ugh, don't ask!
(Flashback ends)
Vanessa: Maybe you should just let me off here. At least I can start the party off with my dignity intact.
Charlene: Whoops, too late! (She stops the car, opening the front passenger door window) Look, it's the only people whose opinions matter to you.
Vanessa: (Waves, embarrassed) Hey, Johnny.
Johnny: Hey, Vanessa. Nice ride.
Vanessa: Yeah, hold on to that thought. My dad's picking me up. (Exits car)
Charlene: Have fun at the dump. Watch out for medical waste!

Doofenshmirtz: Left foot, right foot., left foot, right foot. Okay, now, skip!
(Perry chatters angrily, but a music box melody plays as he skips along the sidewalk)
Doofenshmirtz: (In a sing-song manner) I'm controlling Perry the Platypus... and... uh... slap yourself! (He pushes a button on the remote. Perry slaps himself) Haha! (He pushes the button several more times, forcing Perry to slap himself over and over again) Why are you hitting yourself? Why are you hitting yourself? Why are you hitting yourself? Why are you hitting yourself? Why are you hitting yourself, hahaha! Hahaha! I can make you do anything!!! (Gasps as he gets an idea) Oh, oh! Eat that gum off the sidewalk!
(A horror theme plays as Perry picks up a piece of ABC gum off the sidewalk)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, gross! You're really going to do it? Perry the Platypus, that's so unsanitary! Didn't your mother ever tell you not to do that?
(Perry is struggling against Doofenshmirtz's command to eat the gum)
Doofenshmirtz: Ooh! Oh, it looks so horrible! I can't look, I can't look! Stop! Stop, Perry the Platypus, stop!
(Perry stops, looking relieved)
Doofenshmirtz: (Laughs)Oh, man, that was great.  
(A beat)
Doofenshmirt: Now put it back down and do it again.

(Back at the rave, Vanessa and Johnny are dancing in the thick of the crowd)
Johnny: Great place for a dance party, huh?
Vanessa: Yeah! I just saw a rat! (her phone rings) Ugh, it's my dad. (answers it) Yes, Dad?
Doofenshmirtz: (Yelling excitedly) PERRY THE PLATYPUS ALMOST ATE GUM OFF THE SIDEWALK!!!
Vanessa: (Annoyed) Is that what you called to tell me?
Doofenshmirtz: No, no. I- I just called to remind you that I will be picking up you and your Visigoth friends up after the dance.
Vanessa: Dad, it's goths, not Visigoths. And they're punks, not goths. (Hangs up)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah. (Turns to a Visigoth who is standing next to the park bench he and Perry are sitting on) Sorry, Alaric, I thought they were Visigoths. You're not going to impress the punks. You're free to go.
Alaric: (Grumpily, as he leaves) But I still get my pay raise!
Doofenshmirtz: See, this is what it's like having a teenage daughter. You're never cool enough. Anyway... (With a gleeful look) Why are you hitting yourself? Why are you hitting yourself? Why are you hitting yourself?

(Perry is now pushing Doofenshmirtz in a grocery cart down the sidewalk)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, I can't believe you removed this shopping cart from the supermarket parking lot! You must be feeling so evil! (Laughs) Oh, look at the time. I've got to go pick up Vanessa. Mush, Perry the Platypus, mush!
(As they enter the Scrapyard)
A junk yard? Why can't they have their party in a nice place, like the Caribou Lodge? You ever been to the Caribou Lodge, Perry the Platypus? They have a nice spread there.
Teen Boy #2: Sweet ride, dude.
Doofenshmirtz: Thank you. Platypus power. (His remote begins beeping) Uh oh. Batteries are low. Hmm... (He looks around for a place to recharge his remote) Take five, Perry the Platypus. (Perry sits down on the ground, and Doofenshmirtz runs over to an amp and plugs in the remote) Whew, that was close. (The remote and the amp begin glowing green; he screams) Ow! Oh! Oh!

(The green glow goes through the power lines across Danville, all the way to the Flynn-Fletcher residence. It interrupts Buford, who is about to jump on Phineas in the game. The screen goes to static)
Phineas: Uh oh, power surge.
(The screen now shows Perry at the junkyard)
Phineas: No, wait! Ooh, a Perry level. Nice graphics.
Doofenshmirtz: (On screen) Okay, Perry the Platypus, all charged up and ready to... (Pushes button on remote repeatedly, but nothing happens) Oh, great. Now what's wrong with it? (Perry's left arm moves) I didn't do that!
Phineas: I did that! But I only seem to have control of his left arm.
Isabella: Let me try! (She pushes buttons on her controller) Cool! I've got control of his left leg!
Buford: I've got his right arm. (Perry is forced to slap himself again) Why are you hitting yourself? Why are you hitting yourself? Why are you hitting yourself? (Laughs)
(Ferb lifts up his right leg)
Phineas: Ferb's got right leg.
Baljeet: Oh! I have got back and forth!
(Perry moves all of his limbs and goes back and forth)
Doofenshmirtz: What's wrong with it? Stop that! Stop it!
Baljeet: What is the goal of this game?
Phineas: I'm not sure.
Buford: Who cares? Let's just fight that old pharmacist!
(Phineas' and Ferb's Monitors appear after Buford, Isabella's, and Baljeet's)
Phineas: Sure! This must be the boss level. All right, guys, we work as a team on this one.
Doofenshmirtz: Uh-oh!
(Perry does the actions as Phineas says them, and everyone working the limbs is in sync)
Phineas: Ready stance, now taunt and... jump!
(Perry knocks over Doofenshmirtz)
Phineas: Great leap, leg team!
(Perry is jumping on Doofenshmirtz's stomach. There are flies buzzing around him)
Buford: I bet those flies are power-ups.
Phineas: Let's see.
(Perry grabs one and eats it, looking utterly disgusted)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh! Perry the Platypus! Gross! That's worse than sidewalk gum!
(But it works, and Perry does a flip, kicking Doofenshmirtz in the face)
Isabella: Oh yeah!
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, what's gotten into you? (gets up and runs away)
Buford: He's trying to get away!
Phineas: Not on our watch!
(Perry follows him up a stack of junk)
Doofenshmirtz: Now, now, Perry the Platypus...
(Perry jumps on him again)
Baljeet: Eat pig iron, old pharmacist!
(Doofenshmirtz has picked up an umbrella)
Doofenshmirtz: Stay back, Perry the Platypus! Back!!!
Phineas: Buford!
Buford: I'm on it!
(As Doofenshmirtz swings the umbrella at Perry, he grabs it)
Isabella: On my mark, guys!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, my. Wait, what...
Isabella: Baljeet, in!
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, why are you moving so deliberately...?
Baljeet: Roger!
Doofenshmirtz: What are you doing?!
Phineas: Legs...jump...Buford!
(With Buford's help, Perry whacks Doofenshmirtz in the head with the umbrella)
Buford: Idiot!
(Doofenshmirtz groans)
Phineas: Finish him off, Ferb!
(Perry kicks Doofenshmirtz down the pile of junk)
Phineas: Nice one.
(Doofenshmirtz somersaults down the hill. Ferb blows on his game controller)
Phineas: We won, gang! And if I may be so bold, I claim the right to throw Perry's hat in the air.
(Perry takes off the hat, and tosses it. It lands on the camera that was giving them the picture for the game. The screen goes to static once more)
Phineas: Huh. Game over, I guess.
Isabella/Baljeet/Buford: Aww.

(The party is still going full blast. Doofenshmirtz gets his hands in a bucket of glue, and slides right into the DJ booth, which has been vacated by the actual DJ. He puts his hands on the records on the table and the music instantly stops)
Vanessa: Dad?
Johnny: That's your dad?
Vanessa: No!
(Pause)
Teen Boy #3: I was at the Caribou Lodge once, and it was just like this.
(The entire crowd starts to boo. Doofenshmirtz is sweating nervously. Perry looks back at him with an annoyed expression, then sighs and rolls his eyes)
Vanessa: Dad, why?
Doofenshmirtz: (Chuckles while sweating) Who's up for charades?
(Perry beckons Doofenshmirtz from under the table)
Perry the Platypus, what are you doing down here?
(When he reemerges, he is wearing the Devolition-ator helmet, and making a beat with the records glued to his fingers. Perry is controlling him underneath the DJ table)
Vanessa: Dad?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, hi, Vanessa.
Vanessa: Dad, what are you doing?
(Song: There's a Platypus Controlling Me)
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Well, I'll be honest, I don't really understand ♪
♪ But I fell down this hill now I got glue on my hands ♪
♪ And I got records on my fingers ♪
Teens: ♪ Whaaat? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Records on my fingers ♪
♪ I got records on my fingers and I just can't stop ♪
Teens: ♪ Don't stop ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I can't stop, I got a platypus controlling me ♪
Teens: ♪ Whaaat? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I got a platypus controlling me ♪
♪ Now let me sum it up ♪
♪ It was a strange set of circumstances ♪
Teens: ♪ Strange set of circumstances ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I fell down the hill, I got glue on my hands, ♪
♪ Now I got records on my fingers and I just can't stop ♪
Teens: ♪ Don't stop! Don't stop! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Well I would if I was able ♪
♪ There's a platypus controlling me, he's underneath the table ♪
Teens: ♪ There's a platypus controlling him- Whaaat? ♪
Teen: Oh I get it, platypus is a metaphor for whatever's keeping you down!
Teens: ♪ Like corporations are a platypus ♪
♪ The government's a platypus ♪
♪ Your teacher is a platypus ♪
Weird Teen: My teacher is a panda

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Just me ♪
Teens: ♪ We all got a platypus controlling us ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I'd stop if I was able ♪
Teens: ♪ We all got a platypus controlling us ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I'm not speaking metaphorically ♪
♪ the platypus controlling me is underneath the table ♪
Wait! Oh wait, no, he's gone! Hey!
♪ There's no platypus controlling me ♪
♪ There's no platypus controlling me! ♪

Johnny: (At Vanessa) Your dad's kinda cool.
Vanessa: You're my punk-rock boyfriend! You're not supposed to think my dad is cool! (She walks over to Doofenshmirtz) It only matters that I think he's cool. (Kisses him on the cheek)
Doofenshmirtz: She thinks I'm cool!
(The crowd cheers)

(Song: There's a Platypus Controlling Me)
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Well, I'll be honest, I don't really understand ♪
♪ But I fell down this hill, now I got glue on my hands ♪
♪ And I got records on my fingers ♪
Teens: ♪ Whaaat? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Records on my fingers ♪
♪ I got records on my fingers and I just can't stop ♪
Teens: ♪ Don't stop ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I can't stop, I got a platypus controlling me ♪
Teens: ♪ Whaaat? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I got a platypus controlling me ♪
♪ Now let me sum it up ♪
♪ It was a strange set of circumstances ♪
Teens: ♪ Strange set of circumstances ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I fell down the hill, I got glue on my hands, ♪
♪ Now I got records on my fingers and I just can't stop ♪
Teens: ♪ Don't stop! Don't stop! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Well I would if I was able ♪
♪ There's a platypus controlling me, he's underneath the table ♪
Teens: ♪ Whaaat? ♪

Doofelations Season 2:110 | Rollercoaster: The Musical!

(Perry walks around the corner of the house. He jumps up, puts on a fedora and walks into a hole in the wall. He goes down a lift, into a lair, where he gets an "Incoming Message")
Major Monogram: Good morning Agent P. The evil Dr. Doofenshmirtz is up to his old tricks. For reasons unknown to us, he bought up 80% of the country's tin foil. (He stops, looking a bit surprised) Carl, didn't-didn't he already do that?
Carl: (off screen) Yes, sir. At the beginning of summer.
Monogram: Well, all right then. Well, Agent P, go out there and do the same thing you did last time.
(Agent P salutes and runs off)
Monogram: Good luck, Agent P. Ah, the world of a field agent, out in the thick of things. Not like me.

(The scene changes to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated ♪
♪ Where being evil not debat- ♪
You know, I should really write the rest of that someday.

(Perry jumps in from the window)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus, what a surprise. And by surprise, I mean not a surprise at all. Anyway, let me show you what I've been working on.
(Doofenshmirtz presses a button which activate arms that grabs Agent P)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha ha ha! I, Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz, have covered the entire eastern seaboard in tin foil...again. But this time when I put my giant magnet next to my ingenious Magnetism Magnifinator, I will pull the East in a westerly direction, thereby reversing the rotation of the Earth! I know I tried this before but that was with a Magnifier this is a Magnifinator. I added the suffix –inator. It's a completely different ball game. I know you're probably expecting some tragic back story, explaining why I want to reverse the rotation of the Earth. But I'm not gonna go there. You know why? Well, I'll tell ya.

(Song: "Back in Gimmelshtump")
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Back in Gimmelshtump ♪
♪ I always had to keep it real! ♪
♪ 'Cause when you grow up in Gimmelshtump... ♪
Young Heinz: (as a lawn gnome) ♪ Your childhood is less than ideal! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ So I don't dwell on how I'll crawled my way out of the gutter! ♪
No, I don't!
♪ When people ask me what I mean, I say ♪
♪ D-D-D-Do I stutter?! ♪

(Suddenly changes to a show tune)
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ But I'm no longer a hater ♪
♪ 'Cause I got an Inator ♪
♪ And an over-complicated scheme ♪
♪ I get a couple of checks ♪
♪ Every month from my Ex ♪
♪ So I can finance my coming regime! ♪
♪ And though my past was a wreck ♪
♪ I won't let it affect ♪
♪ My aspirations to cause mass hysteria ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm as sure as can be ♪
♪ That it's my destiny ♪
♪ To be the ruler of the Tri-State Area! ♪
Yeah!

Background Dancer: So, uh, are we done? 'Cause I gotta pick up my kid from school.
Doofenshmirtz: One second, just wait 'til it goes to black.
(The screen did as it was told and goes black.)
Doofenshmirtz: (during black screen) All right, now you can go.

(Back with Doofenshmirtz and Perry)
Doofenshmirtz: So now, I'm left holding a ten gate house in a twelve gate neighborhood. My accountant wants me to walk away from the whole thing. But, like, I can't do that. Just because I'm evil doesn't mean I don't care about my credit rate.
(Agent P hits a screw toward Doofenshmirtz with his tail, but he ducks)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha! You missed!
(The screw bounces off the wall, flying up to the ceiling. It hits a line and bounces back, going into Doofenshmirtz's foot)
Doofenshmirtz: Aaahh! Ow, ow, ow, ow, owww!
(Doofenshmirtz, as he's jumping around holding his foot, accidentally bumps into the button that controls the arm restraints, releasing Perry the Platypus. Agent P quickly attacks him. While they're fighting, Doofenshmirtz rolls a battery cart toward him. Perry jumps over it easily, and it falls outside through a window.)

(Back with Perry and Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Now, you are too late! (He pulls a lever, activating the Magnetism Magnifinator) Quake in your boots and watch helplessly as the unimaginable electromagnetic forces, pull the eastern seaboard, thereby reversing the rotation of the--
(The tinfoil comes off of the buildings)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, that didn't work.
(The tin foil forms into a giant ball, flying through the air)
Doofenshmirtz: And now we have a two-ton ball of tin foil traveling two hundred miles an hour directly at us! Quickly, we must separate the magnet from the Magnifinator before it is too late!
(He and Perry try to move the magnet and the Magnifinator before Doofenshmirtz stops.)
Doofenshmirtz: Is it just me or is this a serious déjà vu moment? I feel like I've totally been here before. You were there, the tin foil was coming, and I said "Quickly, we must separate the magnet". Huh. Oh, well, weird. Now, where was I? Oh yeah. Aaaahhh! (Resumes trying to move the Magnifinator)

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: It's no use! We are doomed!
(Agent P sees a helicopter. He jumps onto the magnet and fires a grappling hook at it. He quickly wraps some of the rope around the magnet. The helicopter flies off, taking the magnet with it.)
Doofenshmirtz: You did it! You saved us, Perry the Platypus! You saved us—again, again with the déjà vu. You were up there, I was saying, "You saved us." And then, hm, and then something came from that direc– (The tin foil ball crashes into the building) Curse you, déjà vu!
(The magnet pulls a piece of the Magnetism Magnifinator onto it, and gets stuck on the coaster, which then follows the helicopter into the sky.)

Doofelations Season 2:111 | Make Play

(Cut to Perry in the garage by the station wagon. He puts on his fedora and jacks all the way down to his lair.)
Major Monogram: Morning Agent P, we have a situation here, the royal Princess Baldegunde from Drusselstein is in town. She's here to give the "Drusselsteinian Favorite Son" Award to Mayor Roger Doofenshmirtz during the unveiling of the new Danville Opera House. We assume Dr. Doofenshmirtz will do something to disrupt the ceremony. He's been buying up all the claw machines in the Tri-State Area. We don't know exactly what his plan is, but do the math: Princess, Opera house, claw machines, stuffed animal. You put that together and you get a...Claw-Princess-Animal, uh, Stuffed-Claw-House--
Carl: (offscreen) Uh, ooh ooh ooh ooh...

Major Monogram: It's terrifying, you must stop Doofenshmirtz and make sure the princess is safe. We don't actually have a photo of her, but whatever, she's a 15-year-old girl, they all pretty much look alike... Carl, put up a picture of a 15-year-old girl! (A picture of Candace appears on screen).... And now put a crown on her. (A crown is superimposed onto Candace's head) There! There's your princess.
Carl: (offscreen) Oh wait sir, I found a picture of the actual princess.
Major Monogram: All right, put it up there. (A picture of the princess appears and she has an uncanny resemblance to Candace) Oh, wow, what are the odds?
Carl: (offscreen) Well, it is a cartoon, sir.
Major Monogram: What did I tell you about breaking the fourth wall, Carl?
Carl: (offscreen) Sorry, sir.

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Dirigible)
♪ Doofenshmirtz in a blimp again ♪
(Perry jet packs onto the blimp. Cut to Doofenshmirtz next to a crane machine in the blimp.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus. It's ironic that you look like a stuffed animal in one of those claw machine games. And by "ironic"... (Doof pushes a button on the claw machine, and the claw grabs Perry, trapping him) I mean "totally flat-out ronic." And speaking of claw machines, (showing a joystick on another side of the blimp) I've gathered up all the arcade machines in the Tri-State Area to make one giant Super Claw (cut to the Super Claw under the blimp)....inator. My fascination with these started when I was just a little boy.

(Flashback)
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) Back in Gimmelshtump, one day, when I was walking through the Claw Machine District, something caught my eye. In this machine that usually just has rocks in it, there was an actual teddy bear! Fortunately, I had with me my allowance, which I'd been saving for a whole year: one three-cent coin. I dropped it into a slot, then carefully maneuvered the claw toward the beckoning fuzzy grail! Odds were against me, but then it happened! The miracle! The claw grabbed the stuffed animal; it was mine! Then, like a knight of yore, I gallantly gave the prize to my beloved mother... who immediately turned around and gave it to my brother, Roger. I was crushed as I watched Roger produce a big red marker and write his name on the toy. And then afterwards proceed to do the same to my mother, claiming both as his own, effectively shutting me out of the family dynamic.
(End flashback)

Doofenshmirtz: So now, with my giant claw, I will wreak vengeance on my brother, and take away his giant opera house! (Evil laugh) So, what's new with you?

(Cut back to the blimp)
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Going to the Opera House, WOOT! WOOT! ♪ C'mon, Perry, sing along! (Perry buries himself among the stuffed animals) W-W-Wait. What are you doing? (Perry sticks his arm out of the prize slot and pulls a lever) Whoa! (The blimp tips over along with the claw machine, and Perry escapes.) Got to reach controls...WOOT! WOOT! (He grabs the lever and tips the blimp back upright) See? Everything works with the woots. (Perry jumps onto the joystick and grabs it) Hey! Hey, le-leggo of that! WOOT! WOOT! See, I'm tellin' ya.

(Cut back to the blimp where Doofenshmirtz and Perry are still fighting over the joystick)
Doofenshmirtz: You're messing up my trajectory! (Perry grabs the joystick, which drops the Giant Claw-inator and grabs hold of the jukebox)
Candace: (approaching her mother) Mom! Mom! Giant jukebox! Come on! Come on! (Candace runs outside to see the blimp take the jukebox. Linda follows.) You missed it. Giant jukebox, doppelgänger, everything, all gone.
Linda: Cool.

(Cut to the Opera House where there is a huge gathering outside.)
Guiserblint: To celebrate ze linking of the two cultures and ze lifetime achievements of Roger Doofenshmirtz, vill you please join me in velcoming Princess Baldegunde of Drusselstein!
(The crowd cheers as the Princess, back in her royal regalia, takes the stage.)
Princess Baldegunde: Like Roger Doofenshmirtz, I grew up in a very different country.
(They suddenly look at the blimp carrying the giant jukebox.)
Doofenshmirtz: (once again fighting over the joystick) Perry the Platypus, stop it! I have to put down this jukebox so I can pick up the Opera House!
(The Giant Claw-inator, drops the jukebox onto the top of the Opera House.)
Doofenshmirtz: I did it! I...Not strictly according to plan, but I...Still, I have disrupted the ceremony. WOOT! WOOT! See? Everything works with the woot-woots.
Princess Baldegunde: It is a jukebox! It is our jukebox! Oh, this is most wonderful! Citizens of Danville, I had been come here today to give you long boring speech, but no longer. Instead, I give to you... (she runs up to the top of the roof with a quarter in her hand, which she shows) twenty-five American cents! (She puts the quarter in the jukebox and pushes Jeremy and the Incidentals.) Time for everybody to make play as happy dancing persons! Here is Cute Blonde Boy with Guitar!

Doofenshmirtz: Oh! Oh, no! Everyone is enjoying themselves! Even Roger! Oh, my plan has failed! Curse you, Perry the Platypus!

Doofelations Season 2:112 | Candace Gets Busted

(Perry puts on his fedora and opens a drawer where he slides through a tube)
Major Monogram: Come in, Agent P. We've been having trouble with our pipes getting mixed up with the city's dump system. We aren't one hundred percent sure where you'll end up.
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus?!
Major Monogram: Where are you, Agent P? (Perry points his wrist communicator at Doofenshmirtz) Great googly moogly! Well, hang tight, I'll give you your mission. Doofenshmirtz is up to no good. He has been seen snooping around --
Doofenshmirtz: Around the neighborhood apartment. Yes, I've; yes, I've been doing that.
Major Monogram: He's also been buying --
Doofenshmirtz: Buying electrical equipment.
Major Monogram: And checking --
Both: -movie starting times online.
Major Monogram: Let me tell it!
Doofenshmirtz: I wanna tell it! I - want - to tell it! Doofenshmirtz... that is... wait... (he is cut off by Major Monogram; exclaims in frustration)
Major Monogram: La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la... (clears throat) So, get him, Agent P, and good luck.
Doofenshmirtz: Thank you.
Major Monogram: Not you.
Doofenshmirtz: Too late, I'm lucky now. (laughs; traps Perry) You like that? I call it a trap-a-lounger, because it's loungy and trappy all at the same time.

(Scene shifts to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: So, let me tell you my evil scheme. Not too long ago, I used to sit right over there and watch free movies on the drive-in movie screen across the street. Of course, I didn't get the sound, so I'd make up my own dialogue. It was fun. (changes his tone of voice to sound gruff and deeper) "Sheila, I love you, but now I have to defuse this bomb." (in normal voice) See? Good stuff! Gripping! But now look! They built a giant condominium blocking my view. I tried to make up dialogue for it... (in gruff movie voice) "I'm a condominium. I'm just standing there." (In normal voice) See? Where's the fun in that? It's always the same, "I'm a building." There's no story. And I know what you're thinking, why not just move my armchair over to that window over there with the unblocked view? Well, then I would have to move this little table, too, and the lamp, and this is the only electrical outlet. It seems easier to get rid of the building. So, that's why I invented this: the Go-Away-inator! One blast of this ray, and that building, and everyone in it, (snaps his fingers) will instantly be transported somewhere else. Here on this wheel, I've written many undesirable locations. With a pull of this string, a site is randomly chosen, and good-bye low-rent condo, hello Hollywood high-budgets! (laughs maniacally)

(At D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Any minute now, Perry the Platypus, that building will be relocated and I can enjoy my view! It just needs to warm up. (turns on the Go-Away-inator) Let's savor this moment. Right now, my plan is working, you're trapped, and the inator is warming up. Yes, these are the good moments, Perry the Platypus. These are the good moments.

(At D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Any minute now, my inator will be all warmed up. I should've gone solid state, but this has got the tubes. It's old school Perry the... Hey, you've escaped! (grunts)

(Scene shifts to the Flynn-Fletcher house)
Candace: Everybody out the back way! Let's go! Out, out, out! (leads everyone into the backyard)
Jeremy: Great idea, moving the party outside. It was getting hot in there. Hey guys, let's keep rocking!
Party members: Candace party! Candace party!
Candace: No! Now they're all partying in the backyard!
Party members: Candace party! Candace party!
Candace: Why aren't they leaving?
(Linda and Lawrence arrive.)
Party members: Candace party! Candace party!
Candace: (Gasps) They're here!
(At D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: It's too late, Perry the Platypus, I've pulled the string! Any second, these condos will disappear, and I will watch free movies. And you can't do a thing about it.
(Perry pulls the rug. The ray from the Go-away inator hits the party members, making them disappear.)
Candace: (gasp) The entire party has disappeared! Of course! The same divine intervention that takes things away from you guys...took the party away for me! I'm saved!
Phineas: I wonder where the party went.
Ferb: Someplace nice, I hope.

(At D.E.I. The sides of Doofenshmirtz's pants appear to have all the party members in them.)
Dr. Doofenshmirtz: Well, obviously, something's amiss. Uhh, let's review: The Go-away inator which missed the condo, should've zapped whatever it hit to an undesirable location. Let me check my undesirable location wheel. (grabs out binoculars) "Stonehenge", "Burbank"... (looks where spinner stopped) "My Pants"?! Why would I even write that there?! Oh, I see, I got it confused with my dry-cleaning wheel. Oh, okay, but...why do I have a dry-cleaning wheel? (in gruff movie voice) "I am a dry-cleaning wheel. Why do I exist?" (normal voice) Perry the Platypus, be a mensch and push the reverse button, would you?

(At D.E.I.)
Dr. Doofenshmirtz: Oh, Vanessa! Thank goodness you're here! A platypus has tied me up in my own pants!
Vanessa: How did my life get to the point where that is not a strange sentence to me?
(Pause)
Dr. Doofenshmirtz: (in gruff movie voice) "I'm your daughter. I will stop being sarcastic and untie you."

Doofelations Season 3:113 | The Great Indoors

(Outside, it is still raining. Perry puts on his fedora and runs to the tree. He pulls a rope, which activates the slide door to his lair and water comes splashing out, soaking him. He wrings out his wet fedora, puts it back on, and goes down the slide)
(At the headquarters)
Major Monogram: It's not like Agent P to miss...
(Perry slides off the HQ chair, lands on the screen, and falls flat on his face. Major Monogram and Carl laughs hysterically)
Carl, play that back!
Carl: Right away, sir! (Presses play on the remote control and Perry slides on the video)
Major Monogram: (Laughs)
Carl: (Presses the slow motion button and Perry is in slow motion) Look sir, it's even funnier this way!
Major Monogram: (Laughs) Stop it, stop it. My cheeks hurt.
(Perry, not finding it amusing, folds his arms)
Major Monogram: Oh uh... (Clears throat) Grow up, Carl!
(Carl leaves the screen)
Major Monogram: Anyhow, as you probably noticed there's been an unusual amount of rain in the Tri-State Area. Call us crazy, but we're thinking Doofenshmirtz! Investigate, and stop him at all costs. Well, maybe at a reasonable cost. We, I mean, we don't want to blow the whole budget on this one scheme, do we?
(Perry goes to his hover car and zooms away)
Carl: Run it again, sir?
Major Monogram: I'll get the popcorn!

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated, Perry flies his platypus air car to Doofenshmirtz's window. He leaps in, slips on a chair, and goes flying as Doofenshmirtz cackles. He lands in a hole in the floor right next to Doofenshmirtz, which is apparently his trap)
Doofenshmirtz: Wow, I set up this whole thing with lasers and flypaper, falling cages, spinning platforms, on the way to a trapdoor... (The camera pans across this devious contraption) And you just come and slip on a chair, and waste a day's worth of work. Eh. (As Perry emerges from the hole in the ground in a green glass tube) But it's gonna look great on the Christmas party gag reel, hehehe! Of course, it'll just be me at the party, uh...yeah. (Sighs) I need a laugh at the holidays. Anyway, gotcha! Go ahead, try to climb out of it.
(Perry does, and simply slips on the glass.)
Doofenshmirtz: (Laughs) It's greased! So, now that you're all comfy cozy I can introduce you to my Rain-inator! I've been using it to pour millions of gallons of water into these clouds, causing it to rain all over the Tri-State Area! I can't believe nobody's noticed it. It's kind of obvious.

(Doofenshmirtz is telling Perry his evil scheme for the day...)
Doofenshmirtz: So, I bet you're wondering why did I cause all this rain. You see, while perusing local garage sales, I came upon a big screen TV from 1985. (Removes the tarp covering it) But when I went to turn it on, it was stuck on the Spanish channel!
(Perry yawns and closes his eyes, clearly bored by Doofenshmirtz's explanation.)
Doofenshmirtz: All it played was crazy variety shows and Mexican soap operas. (Turns on the TV) I really got hooked on one of them, though: El Matador de Amor. (Sets up his armchair to watch the soap opera.) It has three simultaneous story lines that interconnect... Genius! Anyway, the last episode was a cliffhanger...
(Perry notices that Doofenshmirtz's drain pipe can fill his green glass tube with water, therefore letting him escape.)
Doofenshmirtz: ...in which Esmerelda is going to find out why Juan loves her. At least, I think that's what's going to happen... But the show got preempted by a soccer game! Oh, I hate soccer! It makes no sense whatsoever! The clock runs up instead of counting down, what is that?! (Removes popcorn from the microwave and sits down in his armchair.) So with the help of my Rain-inator I rained the game out.
(Camera pans to a soccer stadium full of screaming fans. It begins to rain and the fans boo.)
Doofenshmirtz: And now, back to our regularly scheduled programming.
(He turns on the TV, which is playing a commercial for an "esponja milagroso", or "miracle sponge".)
Spanish Man on TV: ¡La Esponja Milagroso! Absorbes... (continues under)
Doofenshmirtz: In 10 minutes, the show is gonna start, and with you trapped and the Rain-inator at work, nothing will interrupt me!
(Perry takes this opportunity to start moving the tube over towards Doofenshmirtz's drain pipe.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, less pounding back there, okay? You're lucky I sprang for the clear tube, this way, you can watch too!

(Back with the soap opera...)
Spanish Man on TV: El Matador de Amor.
Doofenshmirtz: (As sappy guitar music plays in the background) It's starting! It's starting!!! Okay, now, Perry the Platypus, shhh.
(Camera pans to Perry, who has nearly filled his tube trap with water.) 
I don't want to miss anything.
Esmerelda: Oh, Juan...
Juan: Por lo Tanto su manada gemela, ha sido en Venenado...
(Doofenshmirtz munches on popcorn as he watches the show)

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc., Perry has finally managed to escape the tube at the climax of the season finale.)
Doofenshmirtz: (from inside) He's getting closer...he's looking into her eyes!
(Perry attaches a grappling hook to a passing airplane.) 
He's opening his mouth!
(Perry ties the other end to the Rain-inator)
He's forming his lips to start to articulate the syllables! Tell her, Juan! Tell her why you love her!!!
Juan: Es! La razón porque te amo (Repeat) La razón porque te amos es... es...

(The airplane pulls the Rain-inator away, clearing the sky of the rain. The soccer fans cheer in the stadium.)
Es!
(The programming switches to the soccer game, right before a goal is to be scored.)
Sport Announcer:  ¡Ahi Van la Pelota!
Doofenshmirtz: What?! No!!!!!

(Doofenshmirtz is mourning the loss of his soap opera.)
Doofenshmirtz: How is this possible? I took every precaution! I had the Rain-inator, I had you trapped in a - what the?
(Perry, standing next to the gushing remains of the Rain-inator, salutes and hops into his hovercraft.)
Doofenshmirtz: ¡Maldito seas, Perry el Ornitorrinco! Man, this is gonna cost me a fortune on my water bill.

Doofelations Season 3:114 | Canderemy

(Switches to D.E.I., where Perry is already trapped by Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Comfortable, Perry the Platypus? I've made that platy-rack so that every limb is accounted for. So, what's it all about?
(Flashback)
You see, there were only 2 things that made my miserable childhood bearable: my giant pet cockroach, Hoarfrost and garlic ice cream. I love these two things so much I wondered if combining them would exponentially increase my enjoyment of them.
(Flashback ends)
So, introducing my Combine-inator! With my Combine-inator, I was finally able to make the Triple Scoop Garlic Roach Cone!
Hoarfrost: So cold...
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah. (Doof frowns at his semi-disturbing creation and drops the garlic roach cone to the ground.)
Hoarfrost: Ow...
Doofenshmirtz: So anyway, I remembered this little island timeshare that I bought on a free trip to Vegas. And, I realized that if I were to combine my tiny island with the Capitol of the Tri-State Area like so, ta-da! Then, legally, under local property laws, I will be sovereign ruler of the Tri-State Area! As long as I file the appropriate paperwork and get it in by the end of business today...
(Perry turns the hairs on his head into the shape of a key and unlocks his trap, while Doofenshmirtz is still talking. Afterwards, the former punches the latter, sending the two offscreen)

(Switches back to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Alright, you've asked for it! (grabs Perry and they roll on the ground, knocking over the Combine-inator. The contraption fires off a ray that reaches a nearby park)
Man: I hereby dedicate this giant prism--
(The ray hits the prism, causing the former to redirect into two directions: one straight up into space and hitting a satellite and the other in the direction of Jeremy's house)
Candace: ...so Stacy and I just need a little girl time, and that's a--
(The ray hits Candace and Jeremy, causing the two to be fused together at the waist)
Candace: Okay, that was weird... So, you'll have to take a raincheck, OK?
(Candace attempts to get up, but fails, due to Jeremy's weight keeping her from doing so. She then screams)
Candace: We're attached! Stacy's gonna kill me! (gets up and falls on the ground) Phineas and Ferb...

Doofenshmirtz: (Doofenshmirtz and Perry circle each other) So here we are, just the two of us at a stalemate. Each looking for something to turn the tide, but what will it be?
Norm: (He walks in carrying a large tray of cupcakes) Cupcakes?
Doofenshmirtz: Oop! Watch this! (He leaps on to the -inator, activating it, then jumps into Norm's arms) Prepare to face the wrath of Normenshmirtz! (Normenshmirtz fires laser at Perry) You can't get away from me now!
Norm: Don't you mean us?
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, don't step on my moment.

(Normenshmirtz continues firing lasers at Perry, accidentally hitting the Combine-inator, fusing Perry with a nearby tool box.)
Doofenshmirtz: I think we're in trouble.
Norm: Sure, now it's "we".

(Toolbox-Perry unscrews one of Norm's arms)
Norm: Hey! That hurt!
Doofenshmirtz: Ahh! He's armed!
Norm: With my arm!
(Perry fires a couple of shots, then launches the arm at Normenshmirtz, who crashes into the Combine-inator, causing it to fire. It hits Perry, merging him with the trap. Normenshmirtz tries to get up, but they end up breaking the hammer)
Norm: Balsa wood?
Doofenshmirtz: It was on sale. It's locked into overload.
(The -inator begins firing, merging Normenshmirtz with a refrigerator.)
Norm: (Opening the door to the refrigerator) Would you like a nice, frosty beverage?
Doofenshmirtz: Hey! (He closes the door) That's private!

Doofenshmirtz: (Now disconnected) Hey, I can feel my knees again!
(Norm crashes on top of him)
Norm: I'm sorry.
(The refrigerator crashes on them both)
Doofenshmirtz: So cold...

Doofelations Season 3:115 | Run, Candace, Run

(Cut to Agent P's lair)
Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P. It's come to our attention that Dr. Doofenshmirtz has missed a few of his mortgage payments. He must be funneling all that money into something really evil, otherwise, he'd ask his ex-wife for a loan. (File photo of Charlene appears on screen.) She's loaded you know. Ka-ching! So get over there (Perry salutes) and find out what's going on. (he leaves)

(Cut to D.E.I.)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated ♪
(Cut to inside. Perry kicks Doof's door. A female real estate agent with a plate of cookies comes up to him.)
Female Realtor: Chocolate chip cookie? They're freshly baked. (Perry takes one.) Get your bids in soon. We don't expect this place to last long.
(Cut to reveal several people touring the place. A baby is crying.)
Woman: Ooh, are those floors original?
(Cut to Doof speaking to a male realtor.)
Doofenshmirtz: So just because I miss a few payments, you're selling my building? And where am I supposed to get that much money on such short notice?!
Male Realtor: I'm sorry, Mr. Doofschmidt, those are the terms of your loan.
Doofenshmirtz: The name is Doofenshmirtz! Like, like in Doofenshmirtz! (Perry tugs his lab coat) Now what? Oh, it's you. I'm sorry, Perry the Platypus, I'm going to have to take a rain check. You see, I'm having a bit of a financial crisis and I'm afraid I won't have time for our evil scheme today. (Perry tips his hat and leaves.) Yep. (sighs) Next time we fight, it could be in a cardboard box, 'cause that's where I'll be living. (Perry stops short and tugs Doof's lab coat again) Can't you see I'm trying to wallow? (Perry points to something) What? (Cut to a framed picture of Doof's ex-wife) That? Oh, it's a nice picture of Charlene, isn't it? But I don't think I could get much cash for it. I mean, who wants a picture... (Perry takes out a phone) Oh, you mean call her and ask her for money? Never! Y'know what she'll say if I call? She'll say, "I told you so!" And you know why? Because she told me so! She said, "Don't get the gargoyles, Heinz!" But what does she know? (Whip pan to reveal two gargoyles on the balcony) Gargoyles are a good investment. Name a cheap building with gargoyles. (Cut back to Doof and Perry) No way am I asking her for money! I—I—I'll just, uh, make this place unsellable! Then they'll have to let me stay here no matter how broke I am! (to a potential buyer) Psst! Indian burial ground. True story.

(Cut back to D.E.I)
Woman: I think this may be the place we've been looking for! I mean, high ceilings, open floor plan, purple and green? We won't even have to repaint!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, I-I-I am not calling Charlene!

(Cut back to D.E.I.)
Woman: Oh, honey, look at this. It's like 1973 in here. My favorite year! Ha ha! Where did they ever find such rare furnishings?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, no, it's all fake. It's made out of cardboard.
Woman: Cardboard? How wonderfully impermanent!
Doofenshmirtz: Wa-wa-wa-wait! What about the neighbors? (exits) They're really crazy. (Comes back in jumping around with his pants on his head.) Look, I live next door and I've got pants on my head! And, uh, (takes out a comb and puts it under his nose like a mustache) I'm Italian. See?
Woman: With neighbors like that, our lives will always be interesting! I can't think of anything that would make this place more attractive.
(Perry chatters and hands Doof the phone.)
Doofenshmirtz: Nulla, per favore.
Woman: (screams) I stand corrected! Gargoyles! This is it! This is the place! We'll take it!
Male Realtor: I'll draw up the papers.
Doofenshmirtz: Never!

(Cut back to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I get to stay forever! ♪
♪ I get to stay forever! ♪
Male Realtor: You know it's a shame we didn't make that sale. Now the bank will have no choice (Doof stops celebrating) but to tear this place down and build a greeting card factory.
Doofenshmirtz: But— (Perry gives him the phone again. Doof growls and swipes it from Perry and dials.) Don't gloat, Perry the Platypus. It's not becoming. Hello, Charlene? (Charlene yells on the other line) Yeah, you told me so.

Doofelations Season 3:116 | Last Train to Bustville

(Cut to...)
♪ Doofenshmirtz vacation condo! ♪

(Perry lands on the terrace next to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: (sighs) Ah, Perry the Platypus. Well, I guess it serves me right for bringing work on vacation with me. Aaand there it is. (Perry is trapped in a egg-shaped container) Man, are we in a rut. Anyway, this is my Dodo-Bird-Incubator... well, you know... -inator. With this amazing device I can transform any egg to a Dodo egg. Once they hatch I will march my terrifying Dodo bird army across the Tri-State Area. You know, I don't really know what they look like, but they're extinct like dinosaurs, so just imagine! Giant, extinct dinosaur-like monsters laying waste to the city! Ah, you know, you, you really picked me up out of my doldrums.

(Cut to the condo)
Doofenshmirtz: It's working! (the egg begins to hatch) It's wonderful! It's amazing! It's...! (giant dodo bird hatches)
Dodo: Narg narg narg! Narg!
Doofenshmirtz: It's... (sighs) not quite as terrifying as I hoped.
Dodo: Narg!
Doofenshmirtz: How am I supposed to take over the Tri-State Area with a bunch of these? Where's the horror, the terror the- (Perry gets out of his trap) Oh nooo! You, you'll have to wait in line, Perry the Platypus! First I gotta deal with this! I mean, this looks like a turkey, it's like Thanksgiving. (Dodo bird pecks Doofenshmirtz furiously) It's EXACTLY like Thanksgiving!

(At the grandparents' house, Lawrence and Clyde sit in silence; in the background Doofenshmirtz runs from the dodo bird, screaming. Back in the train:)
Linda: What are we playing again?

(Doofenshmirtz falls down the cliff while running from the dodo bird)
Phineas: Check it out! A dodo bird! What's next on the list, Ferb?
Ferb: (crossing off a list of the title sequence) Frankenstein's brain.
Buford: Yeeeah, uh, that was in my balloon.

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz in torn clothes.)
Doofenshmirtz: A-ha! (runs to the balloon)
Dodo: Narg, narg, narg, narg! (runs into the second balloon)
Doofenshmirtz: Sayonara, dodo! (both balloons take off) Hey, how did you start that with no opposable thumbs?

Doofenshmirtz: (sighs) Some vacation this turned out to be. (the dodo makes a hole in his balloon)
(Cut to Farmer and Farmer's Wife)
Farmer's Wife: So you bought a Museum of Biological Oddities, but you didn't get any biological oddities?(Doofenshmirtz falls through the roof)
Doofenshmirtz: Huh. What? (dodo falls in and lands on him)
Farmer's Wife: There it is!
Dodo: Narg narg narg! Narg!

Doofelations Season 3:117 | Phineas' Birthday Clip-O-Rama!

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: I see you, Perry the Platypus, now kick the door... (Perry kicks the door and the trap, a large TV, activates) Haha! Gotcha, Perry the Platypus! Hee hee hee! I saw you coming from my video surveillance system! Ah, if I had a nickel for every time I've trapped you.

(Clips: Perry's traps; after each clip, a counter in the top-right corner of the screen goes up by $0.05)
(Perry is enclosed by falling bricks)
(Perry is captured in a durable bubble shot by Doofenshmirtz)
(Perry is trapped by a machine that winds duct tape around him)
(Restraints pin Perry's hands, feet, and tail to a crate)
(Doofenshmirtz pushes a button, and Perry, sitting in a lounge chair, is now trapped in a cage)
(Perry opens a satchel, releasing a metal belt that pins him to the wall)
(Perry lands and is trapped inside a large Perry replica)
(Perry is tied up by a lowering coil of rope)
(Perry, sitting in a car, is fastened into a baby seat)
(A metal helmet lands on Perry's head and holds him above the floor)
(in the woods)
Doofenshmirtz: Come here. (Perry steps forward and a cage falls on him) Ha-ha-ha!
(Doofenshmirtz zaps Perry, trapping him in a ball gown; Perry tries to move but falls down and his arms are restrained)
(A large column lands on Perry and traps him in a baby table)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha-ha-ha!
(A net pins Perry to the ceiling)
(A large glass bubble lowers onto Perry)
(Perry lands and is immediately trapped inside a large diving helmet)
(The floor below Perry opens up and he falls)
(A net encloses around Perry and yanks him up)
(Perry is trapped inside a metal box with armholes)
(Perry is trapped in a falling pet carrier)
(Perry steps in a rope loop and is flung up by his ankle)
(The box Perry is carrying turns into a plaque that encloses the platypus: the counter stops at $1.10)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha-ha! Made you carry your own trap!

(back to Doofenshmirtz in front of his wall of TVs)
Doofenshmirtz: Huh, I thought it would be more than that. I guess I could get a candy bar or something. Anyway, I've been studying all my previous schemes and I figured out why they always seem to fail. Let's see if you can figure out what they all have in common. Look!

(Clips: Doofenshmirtz's -inators)
Doofenshmirtz: Behold! The Mime-inator!
Doofenshmirtz: The Mountain-out-of-a-Molehill-inator!
Doofenshmirtz: The Aerosol-Propelled Ozone-Deplete-inator!
Doofenshmirtz: The Metal Destruct-inator!
Doofenshmirtz: Giant Dog Biscuit-inator. (dogs bark) Thank you! Thank you for making my point for me!
Doofenshmirtz: The Gloom-inator 3000!... inator.
Doofenshmirtz: My Smell-inator!
Doofenshmirtz: My Blow-Itself-Up-inator! (explodes)
Doofenshmirtz: The Monster-Truck-Away-inator.
Doofenshmirtz: The Atomic Leaf Blower-inator!
Doofenshmirtz: The Sandwich Suit Remove-inator!
Doofenshmirtz: I call it my Turn Everything Evil-inator.

(back to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: See? They all have "-inator" in the name. That is why they fail. Which is why I named my latest creation, The Video-Beam-Hijack-Non-Inator! You see, I added "non" to the name, because "non" means "not", so it's a "not-an-inator", therefore, it can't not fail. Get it? I mean, it can't... can't fail, it... okay.

(Clips: "Aren't you a little young..."; 5-cent counter goes up after each clip)
Factory Manager: Aren't you a little young to be a roller coaster engineer?
Contractor: Aren't you a little young to be a landscape contractor?
J.B.: Aren't you a bit young to be toy designers?
Ben Baxter: Aren't you a little young to be pop stars?
Charlene Doofenshmirtz: Aren't you a little young to be detectives?
Boat Captain: Aren't you boys a little young to man a fishing vessel?
Officer: Aren't you a little young to be working in a museum?
Delivery Man 3: Aren't you a little young to order all this?
Delivery Man 2: Yes, yes he is. (to Phineas) Sorry, Phineas. He's new.
Delivery Guy: Aren't you kids a little young to be discovering Atlantis?
Danny: Aren't you a little young to be fans of Love Händel?
Charitable Charities Manager 3: Aren't you a little young to know about all these old detective shows?
Ranger: Aren't you boys a little young to be restoring a national monument?
Phineas: Yes. Yes we are. (counter stops at $0.60)

(Scene opens up at Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, "trapped Perry the Platypus." It's my favorite show; but you know what, my least favorite show is this. (turns on T.V.)
Announcer: (Roger is seen chopping some wood and kissing a baby. He is also seen at the Tri-State Area costume ball in a superhero costume with a woman in a cat costume. Then, Roger jumps into the air a la Superman, while the woman looks up in surprise.) Culture. Square-jawed. Danville Mayor Roger Doofenshmirtz. Profiled on: "Younger Brothers of the Useless."
Doofenshmirtz: It's a 12-part mini-series running all day long; nothing but propaganda. He can't really fly, they did that with wires. So that is why I invented the Video-Beam-Hijack-Non-inator; "non"-inator, mind you, for reasons we've already discussed. With this, I will preempt the biography of my brother so he can't rely on that 14-karat smile and his freakish ability to not be despised. I mean, look at this city, look at all that urban blight that, uh... that isn't there anymore, and... and the public transportation, all... uh, clean and... efficient and... (sighs) running on time... Okay, let's just say I'm gonna let Roger warm up the room for me, then I'll preempt his ridiculous documentary with live video of me announcing my take-over of the Tri-State Area. (puts on Roger's glasses) And maybe I'll put on these glasses like he wears. (tosses them aside) I don't know. What am I, gonna throw away my best stuff on a clip show? Forget it. Now let's light this pop stand. Could take a while, though. It's gotta... it's gotta warm up... vacuum tube.

(Scene shifts to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh yeah, we're gettin' there now! Soon I will preempt my brother's documentary marathon with my own live video! And there's not a thing you can do about it, like... li... like all those other times.

(Clips: Doofenshmirtz and Perry's fights)
(Doofenshmirtz and Perry fight with wrenches; Perry pounds a screw into Doofenshmirtz' foot)
Doofenshmirtz: Now I can't make up my mind- (Perry punches Doof repeatedly in the face)
(Perry kicks Doofenshmirtz into a lever, switching it to "Blow")
(Perry repeatedly pecks Doofenshmirtz in the head)
(Devolved Perry and Doofenshmirtz fight; Perry pins Doofenshmirtz down and repeatedly pecks his head)
Doofenshmirtz: I can't believe you fell for that (pulls down a fake window) fake window trick. Ha-ha-ha... (Perry swings through the window and kicks Doofenshmirtz)
(Perry kicks Doofenshmirtz into his blimp's control panel)
Doofenshmirtz: How did you get out of that double knot?
Doofenshmirtz: (standing on top of Big Ben) Ha ha ha ha ha! Hey! (Perry appears behind him, kicks him off the tower, and catches his remote)
(Perry and Doofenshmirtz have a sword fight with a hot dog and bratwurst, respectively; Perry slaps Doofenshmirtz in the face with the hog dog several times)
(Perry and Doofenshmirtz are zapped by the dance ray and start dancing)
Doofenshmirtz: No, that's not it eith...Aah! (Perry pulls him away from the hovercraft controls)
(Perry throws a chair through the Invis-inator's ray; it turns invisible and hits Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: ...it turns you visible ag...Aagh! Ow! Oh, well that came out of nowhere.
(Doofenshmirtz is turned inside-out after being zapped by a ray)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, great. Now I have to make an Outside-In-inator.
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, how did you escape? (Perry beckons Doofenshmirtz to come closer, then punches him in the face) What's that? Oh!
(Perry slams a trash can onto Doofenshmirtz's head and kicks him; Doofenshmirtz staggers backwards and removes the trash can, but falls off his balcony and screams)
Doofenshmirtz: (having been hit with the Age Accelerator-inator) Well, it's already 4:30; I think I'm going to bed. Curse you, Perry the Platypus.

Doofenshmirtz: I shouldn't dwell on it, i...it's just too painful. But I gotta stop living in the past.
(Perry slips his tail under the TV screen and hits one of the TV's buttons, raising the trap)
Doofenshmirtz: What? Why did I put that button on the... Oh, I guess aesthetically, it ma... (Perry punches Doofenshmirtz, who flies across the room) Oof! You may have escaped my TV trap, Perry the Platypus, but I'm still going to change your channel! Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! (Doofenshmirtz pulls a laser remote out of his lab coat and fires it at Perry. He misses and shoots several holes in the wall; Perry uses a nearby flatscreen TV as cover. Perry grabs another remote from the top of the TV and fires at Doofenshmirtz) Oh, that one shoots too? Whoo! Who knew? (Doofenshmirtz uses a nearby TV as cover as the two fight)

(Back at D. E. I., Perry and Doofenshmirtz are still fighting. Meanwhile, Candace is running down the street, holding the disc)
Candace: Hee hee! Hee! Hee! Just a few more blocks and I'm gonna bust my brothers for all the stuff that's on this DVD!
(Back to Doof and Perry: Doofenshmirtz zaps the last part of the TV Perry was using for protection, then zaps Perry's remote)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha-HA! I got ya!
(Doofenshmirtz shoots at Perry, who handsprings out of the way; the remote's laser hits a mirror and bounces back. Doofenshmirtz dodges the reflected laser, which hits a leg on the Video-Beam-Hijack-Non-inator, causing it to tilt just as it fires)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, great. Now it's pointing in the wrong direction. The wrong direction!
Candace: (still running down the street) Heeheeheeheehee... Ooh! A dollar! (leans down to pick up the dollar just as the Non-inator's beam passes over her head)
Construction video: (being watched by an on-site water repairman, needing to insert a pipe marked with arrows between two other pipes marked with arrows) Welcome to Danville's new on-the-job video training program. When installing pipes, always make sure the arrows are pointing... (the Non-inator's beam hits the TV, switching the video image with that of Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: (on the on-site TV) ...the wrong direction! The wrong direction! The wrong direction, I tell you!
(The repairman uses an odd-looking wrench to fit the pipe in with the arrows pointing opposite directions. The pipe splits along each fitting, causing the very end of the pipe to launch off; it hits a one-way sign, turning it around. This redirects a DVD recycling truck towards oncoming traffic; alerted by other drivers' horns, the truck driver swerves off the road. The truck breaks through a guardrail and slides down a hill)
Candace: (having picked up the dollar) Hah! (gasps)
(The truck hits a barrier at the bottom of the hill, causing its back doors to open, sending a wave of DVDs at Candace. Candace holds her DVD above the incoming wave and successfully walks out of the pile, still with her disc)
Candace: Ha-ha, I made it! Hee, hee, hee, hee...
(The pipe fitted by the repairman bulges and bursts, sending it and the wrench flying, hitting a few birds on the way up.)
Candace: (turns around) AAAAHHH! (the birds dive-bomb her as she runs away) Birds?! What is happening?!?! (she dodges the birds)
Candace: That's it! I made it! I... AAAAHHH! (she trips and launches the DVD into the air) Oh no!
Candace: (seeing a parade of elephants coming down the street) A circus? What the...
(Candace does a front flip and kicks the disc back into the air just before reaching the elephants. She jumps onto the elephant's back, swings down a "PHINEAS" banner held by the circus performers, and zips past a unicycling clown. Candace suddenly finds herself juggling two bowling pins and the disc while unicycling, and launches off a road construction ramp. Candace catches the disc and rolls down a dirt pile to a stop.)
Balthazar: Can I have your autograph?
(the clown's hat lands on Candace's head, and the wrench lands in Candace's other hand)
Candace: Oh yeah, baby, it's happenin'.

(Back at D. E. I.)
Doofenshmirtz: (seeing the tilted Non-inator) Oh, now look what you made me do... 40 seconds ago, Perry the Platypus. Now I'm going to have to even out the legs! But first, I'm going to get even with you! (pushes the remote's button, but it doesn't work) I, oh, I, uh, I... I seem to be out of batteries. Could you wait while I go get the, um, uh... (Perry points another remote at Doofenshmirtz and fires) Perry the Platypus, no! (Doofenshmirtz ducks; the remote's laser misses him and hits the Non-inator, which explodes) Okay, maybe the "-inator" name wasn't the problem.
(Perry jetpacks away from D. E. I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, Perry the Platypus! (Perry hears this and smiles)

Doofelations Season 3:118 | The Belly of the Beast

(Perry goes through the skirt of a woman's 1800s style dress and rows into his flooded lair)
Major Monogram: Happy Harbor Day, Agent P! In honor of the occasion, we've flooded your headquarters. Hope you like it.
Carl: Actually, our plumbing just backed up.
Major Monogram: Just trying to put a happy face on it, Carl. Doofenshmirtz has been spotted on a... boat. Go check it out. (Perry leaves)

(From underwater, Perry swims up to a boat but gets trapped in a crab cage. Doofenshmirtz dumps the crabs (and Perry) into the hold of his boat.)
♪ Doofenshmirtz on a crab boat! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: (opens hole to hold) Perry the Platypus! (Perry chatters) So what am I doing out here? Well I'll tell you. One day, while I was perusing my collection of 19th-century almanacs, I learned that the leading cause of tooth decay is saltwater taffy! And that's why I invented the Saltwater Taffy-inator! Y-you can't see it from here; I built it on the bottom of the ocean where I have an unlimited supply of salt water for free. I'm going to make the sweetest, gooiest, stickiest saltwater taffy in the world!! In the world. Enough to give cavities to every kid in the Tri-State Area! Ha-HA-ha-ha-ha! (shuts opening) Now where's my wetsuit?

(On Doofenshmirtz's crab boat; Doofenshmirtz is now in a wetsuit with scuba gear)
Doofenshmirtz: Here we go. (rolls backwards off the stern but lands on a metal grate) Ow! Oh, okay, that hurt. All right, better just, uh... (prods the water with his spear gun) Okay, I'm good. (jumps off his boat and swims down to the Saltwater Taffy-inator; he pushes a button) Now I will activate my Saltwater Taffy-inator. (turns a handle; the -inator begins spinning taffy) At last! Now nothing can prevent me from promoting tooth decay! Ha-HA-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha... (fogs up his scuba mask) Aw, I fogged up my mask again! (clears his mask to reveal Perry in a wetsuit swimming towards him; Perry punches him backwards) Perry the Platypus? How did you get out? (Perry flashes back to the crabs forming a ladder, but Doofenshmirtz grabs him from behind) Ha! I grabbed you while you were flashing back to your escape! Hee-hee-hee... drbt! (Perry kicks him and starts swimming away)

(Back at the Saltwater Taffy-inator; Perry and Doof's fight accidentally detaches the control panel, causing the mass of saltwater taffy to head towards them)
Doofenshmirtz: Yahhh! Swim for your life! (the taffy engulfs Perry and Doofenshmirtz and starts spinning them around)

(At the -inator)
Doofenshmirtz: (trapped in the taffy) Ha-HA! I still have the upper hand! (the taffy spinner rotates, moving Perry above Doofenshmirtz) Well, actually you may at this particular mo... (the taffy squishes them together, then separates them again) Chew first, Perry the Plat... ahhh!!

(At the -inator)
Doofenshmirtz: Now I wish I'd made that "OFF" button more accessible from the taffy itself. (sighs; he and Perry are completely trapped in the taffy) I wonder how this is affecting the surface water.

(Back at the taffy)
Doofenshmirtz: You know, this much I could've predicted, but I'm having a hard time explaining the giant metal shark. (sighs as the shark is pulled towards them by the taffy) Well, at least we'll go together, Perry the Platypus. (Perry ejects from his wetsuit through the scuba helmet and swims away) Oh sure, I reach out to you and then you use the emergency face plate ejector thing. (the shark crashes into Doofenshmirtz, the taffy, and the -inator, creating a cloud of bubbles)

(On the surface, a giant bubble pops:)
Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, Perry the Plat-
(A second bubble rises and pops:)
Doofenshmirtz: -ypus!

Doofelations Season 3:119 | Moon Farm

(Scene switches to Perry, who knocks on a panel near the fireplace. The panel opens, and Perry enters his lair)
Major Monogram: Morning, Agent P. Our sources tell us that Doof is up to something. We need you to infiltrate Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc. and have a little look see. To make it easier for you to get in, we have one of our operatives installing Central Access Threshold, or, CAT door. So, let's get out there and, good luck!
(Perry salutes and leaves)
Carl: So now I'm an operative?
Major Monogram: We're still not paying you, Carl.

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪
(Perry enters through the CAT, and gets caught in a trap)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus. (Pause) What? Oh yes, the green? (Chuckles) I can explain.
(Flashback)
Doofenshmirtz: It started two days ago when I was watering my plants. I noticed a beautiful garden on my neighbor's balcony. Oooh, I got so jealous. So the guy at the store told me—among other things—that my plants wouldn't grow because I didn't have a green thumb. A-and I should stop bothering with these types of plant questions and that my mere presence in the store was destroying his plants. So I got a big bucket of green paint, and I poured it on myself. Then I was green everywhere, except strangely my thumbs, I think it was the way I was holding the bucket.
(Flashback ends)
Doofenshmirtz: Anyhoo, with another great idea, I created the Moisture Suck-Inator! See? See? I don't know why I built it here when I was going to use it on the balcony... That wasn't-- anyhoo, this device will suck all the moisture out of my neighbor's plants, which will turn them brown, and make my plants look greener by comparison. And I will finally have a green thumb! You know not actually—metaphorically! I'll have a gre--
(Pause)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh! (Smacks his head) It's a metaphor! (Sighs) And I wasted all that money on green paint.

(Scene switches back to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc. Doofenshmirtz is dragging the Moisture-suck-inator to the balcony)
Doofenshmirtz: (Groans) I got it. Man, why didn't I put wheels on this thing?
(Continues pushing)
Doofenshmirtz: There. (Cracks back) I'll just aim it... there perfect. Now, you will witness the dehydrating effects of my Moisture-Suck-Inator on my neighbor's garden! And (Steps on switch) Fire!
(Beam of green light hits his neighbor's garden)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, that doesn't seem to be working. Let me try it on something else. Hmm... (Drags the Moisture-Suck-Inator to Perry)
Doofenshmirtz: This is going to hurt you more than it'll hurt me, Perry the Platypus. Fire!
(Perry is dehydrated; opens and closes his dry mouth)
Doofenshmirtz: (Laughs) Oh look at you, you're Pruny the Dehydra-pus. (Pause) Hm.
(Perry continues opening and closing his dry mouth)
Doofenshmirtz: I wonder why it didn't do that to the neighbor's plants. Maybe it's too far away- maybe- argh. (Grinding noise) I gotta try it again. I'm not going to let that guy make me look like a nincomp--
(Doofenshmirtz is targeted by the Moisture Suck-Inator)
Doofenshmirtz: --Oh poop. (Green beam hits him)
(Doofenshmirtz and Perry open and close their dry mouths back and forth)
Doofenshmirtz: I'm going to go get a glass of water. (Pause) You want one Perry the Platypus?

(Scene switch: Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, that's much better. I was parched, how about you? We should do this more often, this was nice. Now if you excuse me, I'm going to jet-pack over to my neighbor's balcony and see what's going on with those plants. (jet-pack spurts fire, burning clothes) Right after I change my pants.

(Scene switches to Doofenshmirtz)
(jet-pack landing)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey you, I got a question for you. How do you get your plants—What? Plastic! (pokes plastic man)
Man: Something I can help you with, rocket man?
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah! What's with all the plastic plants? And the plastic man?
Man: I like plastic.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh so you're just trying to make me look like a fool. Well I don't need you-- (accidentally turns on jet-pack) Ow Ow Ow Ow Ow! I'll just take the stairs.

(Scene switches to Perry)
Doofenshmirtz: Uh... Perry the Platypus? (Chuckles nervously) Yeah, I'm over here. Yeah I uh... I forgot my keys so I thought I— you know, just fit through the uh... (Perry opens door) Oh good, you're going to go get (Perry hangs a "do not disturb sign" on him) Wait, what's that? That better not be a "Do not disturb" sign. CURSE YOU, PERRY THE PLATYPUS!!

Doofelations Season 3:120 | Ask a Foolish Question

(Outside, Perry puts on his fedora, pulls on a flower, and enters an open hole. Inside the lair, the screen turns on.)
Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P. The entire Tri-State Area's becoming riddled with holes. Also, numerous light beams have been shot from Doofenshmirtz's building. Either he's having some sort of a rave, or he's the one behind all those holes. Investigate at once! (Salutes) Good luck, Agent P!
(Perry salutes back and takes off on his jet-pack)

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc., a ray fires, and an item comes back with the ray. This continues until Perry arrives.)
Doofenshmirtz: (Repeatedly firing his ray) That's not it... That's not it...
(Perry enters through a panel on the wall and hides)
Doofenshmirtz: That's not it... (Picks up an item) That is not it.
(Perry straightens his fedora, and then runs)
Doofenshmirtz: That's not it.
(Perry is covered with cement and is shaped into a brick. The cement quickly dries as Perry tries to escape)
Doofenshmirtz: (Laughs) Welcome, Perry the Platypus. How do you like your trap? That's super quick drying cement. See? (Knocks on the cement) Solid as a, uh... I dunno, some rock-like substance. Cement, maybe! Now, with you safely trapped, I introduce you to the Metal-Unearth-inator! (The Metal-Unearth-inator fires, and a can comes back)

(In an alleyway, a dog puts down a bone. A ray fires and the dog runs off. The item caught by the ray drops on Doofenshmirtz's balcony.)
Doofenshmirtz: What? Another one? Why are there so many helmets buried in the Tri-State Area? (Tosses it off) Ah, onto the pile you go.
(The helmet lands on a pile of old, dirty stuff. The camera zooms out, showing Perry trapped)
Doofenshmirtz: So, Perry the Platypus, hope you didn't come here because of the holes, because the Metal-Unearth-inator is not even my final plan. May I present to you my real plan? The All-Purpose-inator! You heard of a man's man? Well, this is an inator's inator. (His hand is seen on the control panel) It does everything! (Takes his hand off the control panel) Of course, once I activate it, it will make all my inators obsolete, but, uh... I guess that's progress. Unfortunately, I ran into a little snag...
(Flashback. Doofenshmirtz is seen finishing the All-Purpose-inator)
Doofenshmirtz: After putting all the final touches on my All-Purpose-inator, I took a step back to admire my handiwork. Victory was finally within my grasp.
(Flashback Doofenshmirtz cackles)
Doofenshmirtz: All I needed to do is turn the thing on. (Flashback Doofenshmirtz pulls out a key) Then fate made a cruel joke. (Flashback Doofenshmirtz slips on green paint. The key falls off the balcony) The ignition key fell of my balcony!
Flashback Doofenshmirtz: Nooooooo!!!!! (With binoculars, he spots a gopher take the key and run into its hole)
Doofenshmirtz: I could tell he was laughing. You know, that way gophers do. And there's no way I was going to go all the way down there to get the key. I've got a schedule to keep.
(End flashback)
Doofenshmirtz: So, I decided to build the Metal-Unearth-inator to track down and dig up the key so I can fire up my All-Purpose-inator...
(At this point, the camera shows that Perry is playing a game of solitaire on the cement block.)
...so I can take over the Tri-State Area. Somehow. You know, you can put the red king on... (groaning) Hey; you're not even listening.

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc., the ray from the Metal-Unearth-inator keeps on retrieving helmets.)
Doofenshmirtz: Helmet, helmet, another helmet. What happened here?
(A chisel has fallen onto the balcony)
A chisel? (picks it up) Well, it's no key but at least we're getting closer in size. (tosses it over his shoulder)
(The chisel bounces off the pile of metal items and hits the cement block with a clang. A second later, the Metal-Unearth-inator retrieves...)
A hammer? Why would someone bury a hammer? Well, onto the pile you go. (tosses the hammer)
(The hammer lands directly onto the chisel, which enables Perry to escape from the cement block trap. He then stops to take a look at the pile.)
Doofenshmirtz: I'm closing in on the key. I can feel it. (gasps) Perry the Platypus, how did you get out?
(Camera pans to Perry, who's wearing a Roman solder's helmet and also holding a flail, which he twirls around for a few seconds.)
Doofenshmirtz: (gasps again) Well, two can play at that game.
(He reaches into the pile and then is seen with a radio on his head and holding a ladle and a fan in his hands.)
Doofenshmirtz: (chuckles; awkward silence) Uh, wait a second. Hold on. (rummages in the pile) Not this, not this. There was a whole bunch of 'em just a couple of minutes ago. A-ha! Jackpot!
(He's now seen wearing a viking helmet with a sword and shield in his hands.)
Doofenshmirtz: Now, Perry the Platypus, meet your doom. (screams)
(A flail and sword fight then starts between Doofenshmirtz and Perry.)

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc., the flail and sword fight continues. Doofenshmirtz finally gets the upper hand when he disarms Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: So, no so tough without your mace. (Perry glares at him) Now, I have the upper hand. (Perry takes off the helmet) Prepare to meet your doom... (He holds up the shield after Perry throws it at him.) You throw your helmet at me? That's so lame, Perry the... (Perry starts throwing helmets at him.) Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!
(Doofenshmirtz "accidentally" activates the Metal-Unearth-inator and the ray reaches the backyard of the Flynn-Fletcher home.)

(Scene shifts to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
(Metal-Earth-inator beeping)
Doofenshmirtz: Ooh! The key detection alarm! I forgot I installed that. (tosses the sword and shield) Here it comes,...
(The shield lands on the floor and the sword lands straight up in it) 
...here it comes, here it comes. (pause) Wait!
Supercomputer: I knew this was going to happen.
Doofemshmirtz: Uh-oh.
(The Metal-Earth-inator retrieves the supercomputer at the same time Perry's leaving the building on his jet-pack. A second later, there's an explosion.)
Well, at least I found the key to the...
(A second explosion occurs, blowing off the retractable roof.)
Nice! Curse you, Perry the...
(The roof lands lopsidedly onto the building.)
(groans) Why does everything explode so easily?
(And cue the third explosion.)
Yeah, I knew that was gonna happen.

Doofelations Season 3:121 | Misperceived Monotreme

(In Perry's lair, Carl's modifying the chair while Monogram's on the monitor.)
Major Monogram: Where's Agent P? You set off the wrist beacon, right, Carl?
Carl: I'm worried too, sir. So I thought I'd make myself useful by modifying his chair. I added a hidden button so the chair will automatically go to Doofenshmirtz's. Then automatically return here. (laughs) Everything's Agent P sized here. It's kind of cute, like kindergarten.
(Monogram rolls his eyes.)

(Back in Perry's lair, Carl is now taking a break while eating a sandwich.)
Major Monogram: What is taking Agent P so long?(notices the sandwich) Carl, what is in that sandwich?
Carl: (gulps; pause) Peanut butter, banana, and sardines.
Major Monogram: Oh, for Pete's sake, I can see the smell from here. Put it down and test all the outside portals. Maybe the doors are stuck or something.
Carl: Okay, sir. (places sandwich on console; pulls down a lever)
(Outside in the backyard, the door to the tree entrance opens. The zoo platypus smells Carl's sandwich and leaps in to eat it.)
Carl: Seems like it's working just...
(The zoo platypus lands in Perry's chair, much to Carl's surprise.)
Carl: Oh, there you are, Agent P.
Major Monogram: Thank goodness. (pause) You're in the way, Carl.
Carl: Oh. Sorry, sir. (walks to the right)
Major Monogram: Agent P, we were... Wait a minute. (close-up of the zoo platypus) You're not (beat) in uniform, agent! Where is your hat?
Computerized voice: Auto hat activated.
(One of Perry's spare fedoras is placed on the zoo platypus's head.)
Major Monogram: That's better. Sorry to be so harsh, Agent P, but today is a very special day. Your 100th battle with Dr. Doofenshmirtz.
Carl: (blows noisemaker)
Major Monogram: We planted hundreds of hidden cameras in Evil Incorporated (image of D.E.I. shows on monitor) so that we here at headquarters can watch the historic event and also enjoy some cheap laughs. (chuckles)
Doofenshmirtz: (on monitor) ♪ Shangri-La! You live forever here in Shangri-Laaaa! ♪
Major Monogram: We've got hours of that, hours. Now, do us proud, Agent P.
(While the zoo platypus tries to reach for Carl's sandwich, it "accidentally" touches a switch on Perry's chair, which activates a helicopter blade.)
(Outside the Flynn-Fletcher home, the stairs lifts up and the zoo platypus starts its journey toward D.E.I.)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
Reynolds: (on TV) It looks like the zoo's new beaver-duck has escaped.
Doofenshmirtz: Eh, local news. (turns TV off with a remote) All summer long, we have this standing appointment and suddenly Mr. Big Shot can't be troubled to... (screams; spills his coffee)
(The zoo platypus has entered through the glass in Perry's chair. Doofenshmirtz jumps on an -inator with surprise. The chair lands and then the zoo platypus gets off of it.)

(At O.W.C.A. Headquarters, an excited Monogram's in the waiting area sitting on a blue couch in front of a wide-screen TV.)
Monogram: Hurry up, Carl. The fight's about to begin.
Doofenshmirtz: (on TV) Perry the Platypus!

(Back at D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: So kind of you to finally show up (pushes the button on the remote) and demolish my wall.
(The zoo platypus gets trapped.)
Doofenshmirtz: (tosses the remote) Gotcha!
(The remote lands on the edge of a table. Doofenshmirtz then gets off the -inator with a grunt.)
Behold, the Least-Likely-inator! All I have to do is zap someone with this baby and they can't help but do the least likely thing to their nature. (activates the Least-Likely-inator and a red ray comes out of it) Ooh, touchy.

(Scene shifts to a close-up of Doofenshmirtz's face)
Doofenshmirtz: So what am I gonna do with the Least-Likely-inator, you ask? Make my daughter obey me? Make my father love me? No, and double no! ...Well, maybe later.
But first, I'm gonna aim this bad boy at City Hall and zap my brother the mayor. And he'll make a fool of himself in front of the legislature, which is the least likely thing he'd ever do. And the city will be forced to give the Tri-State Area to me, his next of kin! And don't tell me democracy doesn't work like that, Perry the Platypus. (covers his ears) I don't wanna hear it.
(Just then, the remote falls off the table, lands button side down, and deactivates the trap.)
Doofenshmirtz: (uncovers his ears; turns around) Perry the Platypus, you escaped already?
(The zoo platypus walks over to the spilled coffee then starts lapping at it.)
No, don't do that! I haven't vacuumed here in weeks.

(Back at D.E.I., the zoo platypus continues lapping up the spilled coffee.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, down on all fours! I know that fighting technique. (gets down on all fours) It's Singapore Crab! I learnt in Hoboken. (moves back and forth; stands up; imitates a crab) Oh, yeah, I'm gonna sidewalk all over you, baby.
(Close-up of the zoo platypus)
Oh, I see what you're doing. You're messing with my head. Trying to get into my mind. Walk around in there, rearrange the furniture...

(Scene shifts to O.W.C.A. Headquarters, where at this point, Carl has joined Monogram on the couch. A bowl of popcorn is lying on Monogram's lap.)
Doofenshmirtz: (on TV) ...maybe repaint the kitchen.
Major Monogram: Take note, Carl. You're watching a master agent at work. (eats some popcorn)

(At D.E.I., the zoo platypus is now just standing still.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, you're in for it.
(Camera pans to the Sand-o-mat, which has a whole bunch of sandwiches.)
Served with butter! (imitates a crab again; chuckles; zoo platypus walks by him; gets down on all fours) Hey, where'd you...
(Doofenshmirtz looks over to see that the zoo platypus is standing up with a paw on the Sand-o-mat.)
Hey, that's my sandwich display case.
(The zoo platypus tips the display case over, then goes back to all fours. Doofenshmirtz screams as it falls on him. Sandwiches then flies into the air, landing on various things. He screams again.)

(D.E.I.; Doofenshmirtz frowns as the zoo platypus eats the sandwich right in front of him.)
Doofenshmirtz: A fake-out, eh? (gets out from under the fallen display stand) Okay, Perry the Platypus, the claws are off now. From here on in, I fight the man style!
(The zoo platypus goes for a sandwich lying on a switch, which activates a brick wall. Doofenshmirtz slams into it. The wild monotreme then eats the sandwich.)
Doofenshmirtz: (muffling) Okay. I see you found the brick wall.

(At D.E.I., the zoo platypus is eating a sandwich on a table.)
Doofenshmirtz: What's the matter, Perry the Platypus? Don't they feed you at the agency?
(Doofenshmirtz leaps towards the zoo platypus, who jumps off the table. Unfortunately for him, he hits it and falls to the floor. A pitcher tips over and water spills out of it.)
Okay, resting now. Resting.
(The zoo platypus now eats a sandwich from a lever, which raises the floor.)
Oh, you wanna go public? Fine.

(At D.E.I., the retractable roof is now opened and Doofenshmirtz and the zoo platypus are on top of the building.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, wait a minute. I've been going about this all wrong. I should be zapping you with the Least-Likely-inator so you'll lose! But first, I gotta get this sandwich out of the way.
(He tosses a sandwich over his shoulder, which lands on Perry's chair. The zoo platypus smells the sandwich then runs towards it.)
(laughs) Run, Perry the Platypus! But this time you're not likely to... (screams)
(Just then, the zoo platypus eats the sandwich, it hits Perry's chair and then leaves the building.)
Doofenshmirtz: Typical. (groans) I should've zapped myself.
(The Least-Likely-inator fires a red ray and then it explodes.)

(In Perry's lair, the zoo platypus walks out of it and a second later, Perry falls into his chair.)
Major Monogram, Carl: Surprise!
Major Monogram: Congratulations! Astounding work.
(Close-up of Perry)
Your 100th battle with Dr. Doofenshmirtz...
(Perry looks to the side)
...is already a big hit on the O.W.C.A. intranet.
(Camera pans to the monitor)
With five million downloads so far.
(Camera pans back to Perry)
You're a star, Agent P.

Doofelations Season 3:122 | Candace Disconnected

(In Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: Carl!
Carl: What?
Major Monogram: Look, I'm getting messages from some diabolically clever hacker, who goes by the sinister initials "TTYL".
Carl: Sir, that means "talk to you later". If you scroll down, you can see that message was from me.
Major Monogram: Oh, oh, I see. That's, uh, very clever.
(Perry lands on his chair)
Oh, good morning, Agent P. Uh...beat it, Carl. I'm on. (Carl leaves) Sources tell us that Doofenshmirtz's "ROTFL". We don't know what that means, but it sounds dangerous.
Carl: Sir, ROTFL means...
Major Monogram: Not now, Carl. I'm briefing Agent P. (at Perry) So get out there and good hunting. (Perry leaves)
Oh, no! Carl, now it just says q-q-q-q-q-q-q.
Carl: It means your thumb is on the Q-key sir.

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: (on the phone) Charlene, now I'm waiting for my exercise show to start, so I can't get Vanessa from class. Well, why can't you pick her up? Well, how long does the surgery take? What about afterwards? Okay, okay. All right, I'll do it. I'll figure something out. Yes, yes, I promise. Good bye. (turns off the phone) Sheesh. Maybe I could build some sort of Inator that would pick her up for me!

♪ Doofenshmirtz's ♪ (basso profundo solo) basement.

Doofenshmirtz: Man, it's dark down here. (hits over something) Uh, ohh! Turn on the light, Heinz, you're not a bat. (turns on the light) Hey! It's Norm's old head, the original prototype! I wonder if it still works.
Old Norm Head: (sarcastic) Oh, great, look who's here. It's Dr. Doof-degree-purchased-on-the-Internet-with-my-wife's-money-enshmirtz.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, I must say it's good to hear your voice again, too, after so long! I just came down here to get some parts for my new -inator.
Old Norm Head: Hey, take me with you. I haven't seen you blow yourself up for a long time.
Doofenshmirtz: All right, Mr. Smarty-pants. Come on, let's go.
Old Norm Head: Hey, on the way, let's swing by the store and get you some deodorant.
Doofenshmirtz: Quiet, you.
(The two hit over something again)

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: I've really got to hand it to myself, Norm's Old Head. I'm a genius!
Old Norm Head: Ohh, is that what you see? 'Cause I'm looking at a lab coat filled with Doonkleberries on top of which someone has strategically placed a cabbage.
Doofenshmirtz: This is my new -inator. I call it the Pick-'Em-Up inator.
Old Norm Head: Hm-mm; so what's this one do and where can I hide when it doesn't do it and blows up?
Doofenshmirtz: All I have to do is enter the coordinates and launch. (coughs)
(the -inator flies away)

Doofenshmirtz: Hey, look, Old Norm Head. It worked. It functioned properly! Vanessa's all picked up and taken home, with three minutes to spare.
Old Norm Head: That's great. We can spend the rest of the day working on your personality. Hey, this time let's try to bump to a C minus.
Doofenshmirtz: You know, I'm starting to remember why I replaced you and put you in storage.
(Door crashes open and Perry enters)
Perry the Platypus? What? I didn't do anything wrong today. I just built an Inator to pick up my daughter. But, hey, as long as you're here, why don't you join me for my evil exercise show? I've got a spare headband.
(Song: Dance Baby)
♪ Dance, baby, dance, baby, hands in the air ♪
♪ Get down to the store, buy a wicker chair ♪
♪ Sweat, baby, sweat, baby, wave your feet ♪
♪ Throw off your shoes and dance to the beat ♪

(at Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: Can I get you a sports drink, Perry the Platypus? No? All right. Suit yourself. Say, as long as you're tied up, I'll tell you the evil plan I just thought of while we were working out. See, I figured my Pick-'Em-Up-Inator works so well; I could mass-produce them and pick up everyone in the Tri-State Area! (drinks the sports drink) Then, they would have to do what I tell them. Man, what is in this stuff?

(at Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: (reading the label) "Glycerol, glycerol, ester of rosin, yellow 15." I guess they had 14 other yellows.
(Perry sees Candace on Easter Island on his wristwatch communicator)
Doofenshmirtz: "Sucrose acetate, isobut."
(Perry hits his foot with a barbell)
Aaah! What was that about? Man, tie a guy up and he gets all foot-stompy on you for no reason!
(Perry activates the Pick-'Em-Up-Inator)
Old Norm Head: Hey, Perry the Platypus, could you do me a favor and leave that remote here?
Doofenshmirtz: Urgh. There, I'm better. Hey. Perry the Platypus, that's it? You're just gonna thwart and run?
(Perry tips his fedora and then leaves)
Curse you, Perry the... (his phone rings) Hello? Oh hi, Vanessa. Yes, that was my -inator. Listen, honey, I'm in the middle of something, hold on one second. (at Perry) ...PLATYPUUUS! (at Vanessa) So, how was class?

Doofelations Season 3:123 | Magic Carpet Ride

(Perry lands in his lair to see Major Monogram asleep. He gives a disapproving look at the monitor.)
Major Monogram: (wakes up; clears throat) WRONG PANTS! Huh? Oh, sorry, Agent P. Guess I was, uh, dozing there. Anyway, it appears Dr. Doofenshmirtz has completely cleared the Tri-State Area out of all grape juice, red wine, chocolate, marinara sauce, India ink, and, worst of all, (holds up mug) coffee! So, uh, go and, uh, you know, do the thing, that thing... Sorry. I'm just no good until I have that first mug o' Joe.
(Perry salutes)

(The rug flies by Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated and pans over to it, where Perry is shown climbing up. He breaks in through a window, lands on a tile, then gets tied to a handcart. Doofenshmirtz walks over.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus. Just in time. (pulls cart) Our flight is about to leave. Behold, the Stain-inator! What's it for, you ask? I'll tell you on the way.

(Cut to them flying across town on the Stain-inator)
Doofenshmirtz: It began in Gimmelshtump when I was a callow youth yearning for a career in fine art.

(Flashback of a younger Doofenshmirtz painting something)
Doofenshmirtz: (Narrating) I quickly discovered that although I loved painting, (Shows young Doof ripping his painting in half) my muse was sometimes... inaccessible. (shows him lying on bed, depressed) Then one day, just as I was about to give up in frustration, inspiration struck.
(A bright light suddenly shines on young Doofenshmirtz's head, he smiles, and cuts to him splattering paint on a large canvas)
I was up for three days straight gripped in glorious, artistic fever. Then finally, my masterpiece!
(Light shines on painting, as it did on his head, then runs across to street to a younger Roger eating)
I rushed across the street to get my brother, Roger. He was in the middle of his favorite meal. A sloppy joe, greasy french fries with ketchup, grape juice, coffee, and chocolate pudding. And I insisted he come at once.
(Young Heinz starts pushing young Roger across the street. When they arrive, Roger spills his meal right into the painting.)
That day I made a solemn vow that Roger would pay for what he'd done. (cuts to them in an office) The next morning I had the solemn vow notarized.
(Flashback ends)

Doofenshmirtz: But today, I will finally get my revenge! You see, my brother, the honorable mayor Roger Doofenshmirtz, will be unveiling a new piece of art for the lobby of City Hall. Hence the Stain-inator, hence revenge, hence, uh... (Perry slowly wheels himself and his trap to the edge of the jet) no more hencing. That's about it.

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz and Perry on the Stain-inator)
Doofenshmirtz: Boy, it's just gorgeous out, huh? A perfect day for ruining a City Hall lobby art dedication. You know, if you're into that kind of thing. Which I am!
(Perry wheels himself to the back of the Stain-inator)
Heh-heh. Either way, it's nice to get out of the lab for a change and, you know, try to destroy art in the fresh air.
(Perry jumps and loops the rope around him to one of the Stain-inator's tail fins)
Quite a field trip! TO THE DEATH!
(Perry unwinds the rope and gives the handcart to a woman carrying groceries)
Woman: Thank you!
(Perry tips his fedora and launches back up)
Doofenshmirtz: I'm sure if I thought about it, I could come up with some emotionally-scarring back-stories that are more outdoors-y... (Perry kicks Doofenshmirtz) Aouagh!
(Doofenshmirtz drops the remote, which lands and activates the Stain-inator, which fires rapidly in all directions. One black stain ball hits a billboard reading "glop (toothpaste) makes teeth white," turning the teeth on the billboard black)
(Cut to a psychiatrist's office)
Psychiatrist: (holding up a Rorschach blot) What does this look like to you?
(a red stain ball hits the window behind the psychiatrist)
Patient: (pointing at the stained window) That.
(Cut to a pure white mansion, where a man is sitting drinking tea. He sips his tea twice.)
(Cut to an outdoor café, where a man is sitting with his date)
Man: Well, it's great to finally meet you in... ah... chPERSON! (he sneezes on the last word; as he does so, a mucus-colored stain ball hits the woman in the face. The man coughs.) So, when can I see you again?

(Cut back to the Stain-inator)
Doofenshmirtz: Wow, not only does this thing work, it has a sense of irony! (Perry punches Doofenshmirtz) Ow!... AAAAAHHHHHH!
(Doofenshmirtz is now hanging by his ankle from the rope tied to the tail fin; Perry is still fighting him. The Stain-inator passes City Hall)
Roger: (addressing a crowd on the front steps of City Hall) Thank you, friends, and welcome.
Doofenshmirtz: (climbing back onto the Stain-inator) Right on time.
Roger: It fills me with great pride to contribute today to the cultural enrichment of the Tri-State Area. I've always been a great lover of the arts.
Doofenshmirtz: Liar, liar, pantalones del fuego. (Perry starts attacking Doofenshmirtz from behind) Yah! You again? (Doofenshmirtz presses a button on the remote) There. Auto-fire in 30 seconds. Nothing can stop it now.
Roger: You see, the greatest painting I ever saw was made by my brother Heinz.
Doofenshmirtz: You'd better believe it! Art killer.
Roger: And I, in an extraordinary act of clumsiness, destroyed it, denying him the accolades he so greatly deserved.
Doofenshmirtz: And here comes the payback...!
Roger: And that's why I've spent the last two decades restoring it to its former glory.
Doofenshmirtz: What? Huh, what? (rapidly pressing the remote) No no! No no! No no no no... OH NOOOOOO!!!!
Roger: Ladies and gentlemen, (removes the cover from the painting) my brother's painting! (a purple stain ball immediately hits the painting)
Doofenshmirtz: NOOOOOOoooohoohoohooooo...
Roger: Well, that was 20 years well-spent. (at his secretary) Melanie, what's my next appointment?

(Cut back to the Stain-inator; Perry is destroying it)
Doofenshmirtz: Go ahead, Perry the Platypus. I don't care anymore.
(Perry hang-glides off the Stain-inator as it crashes)

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz at the crashed Stain-inator)
Doofenshmirtz: Behold this, you stupid... (kicks Stain-inator, causing one stain ball to fly out)

Doofelations Season 3:124 | Bad Hair Day

(Agent P's in the backyard climbing up a tree, then sits on a egg a goes down a fast tube and enters his lair)Major Monogram: Good afternoon, Agent P. For the past few days, our motion sensors have detected Dr. Doofenshmirtz rummaging around in his basement. So, last night we had Carl stake down there behind his water heater.Carl: It was horrible down there!Major Monogram: Carl!Carl: I saw a rat give birth... to a snail!Major Monogram: Just tell him about Doofenshmirtz.Carl: Doofenshmirtz kept coming down and grabbing pieces of his old Inators from cardboard boxes. Oh no, brown recluse spider's favor dwelling in cardboard boxes! (Major Monogram touches him in the ear; He shrieks) Get it off! Get it off!Major Monogram: Get out there and find out what Doof is up to. (At Carl) Seriously Carl? What a baby.Carl: I think it laid eggs in my ear!

(The scene changes to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc. and Perry is seen using a lock pick to break into Doofenshmirtz's apartment. He opens the door to find Doofenshmirtz surrounded by a thick fog playing on pipe organs. Doofenshmirtz presses a key on the organ and Perry falls into a hole that somehow brings him upwards to get trapped in one of the organ's pipes.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus I don't like your tone. (plays dramatic chords on the organ) Behold...I give you...The very VERY BAD-INATOR!
(The Bad-inator rises dramatically from the floor as Doofenshmirtz says this. He then gets up from the organ and walks toward the Inator)
Doofenshmirtz: It's made up of only the most evil parts of my old Inators, cobbled together without any rhyme or reason. My plan is to load it on my floating platform, take it high above the Tri-State Area and, you know, turn it on and see what it does. (turns towards Perry) I have no idea but I'm sure it's gonna be bad. Hence, Very Bad-inator. (pretends to shiver) Ooh, I got a chill!

Doofenshmirtz: (on the flying platform) Be careful Perry the Platypus, you're awfully close to the edge. Oh! Let me help you back. (laughs as Perry is sent from one side of the platform to the other) I'm just messing with ya.

(the scene shifts to Doofenshmirtz on his flying platform)Doofenshmirtz: This looks like the perfect spot to fire up the Really Bad-inator. (taps on the control panel of the machine) I can't wait to see what it does. Guess we'll have to wait. Ooh I brought snacks. (walks over to the picnic basket) Let me see what I have here. (rummages through the basket) Baby carrots, some grapes, and a- ooh, peanut butter! Ooh, and some honey! See, Perry the Platypus, most people like peanut butter and jelly sandwiches but I really prefer peanut butter and honey.(Perry struggles in his trap)

(Doofenshmirtz is still rummaging through the picnic basket while Perry struggles to free himself from his trap)Doofenshmirtz: Ooh yes. Peanut butter and honey sandwiches. The trick is the honey, and you get to use one of these weird honey-spoony things. (crashes are heard) Perry the Playtpus, did you just say gungalingdung? 
(Perry kicks Doofenshmirtz in the face, causing honey to pour all over Doofenshmirtz) Aww, great! Now I'm sticky. (he gets up while Perry goes to the controls) Aww, no, and this was my last clean lab coat too. Ugh, it's on now!  
(Perry takes the controls with a mischievous smirk on his face as he rocks the platform back and forth.) Hey! Hey, hey! What are you doing? Oh, I get. Payback. Very funny, Perry the Platypus. How very mature.

Mrs. Johnson: (reading the instruction manual for the tranquilizer gun) Thank you for purchasing the Hanson 3000 Family Friendly Tranquidart Air-contrast delivery system. There are many like it but this one is yours.Candace: Phineas, hurry, while she's distracted!Phineas: Alright, Candace.(Ferb fires the gun, blowing the hair off of Candace, leaving her with her trademark hairstyle.)Candace: Hey it worked!(Candace slides down the pole and the scene shifts back to Doofenshmirtz and Perry)

Doofenshmirtz: As soon as I get this honey off of me, I- (Candace's hair hits Doofenshmirtz, sending him off of the platform and onto the pole where Candace once was.) Is this hair?
(Perry is still on the platform and manages to disable the Very Bad-inator. He escapes on his glider.) Oh, no! Now I'll never know what the Bad-inator does! Curse you, Perry the Platypus!

Mrs. Johnson: The red plunger will act as a non-return valve and retain the air within the dart. Fear not, helpless primate! Bright banquets of the Elysian vale will soon melt every care away, or my name isn't Hawk-eye Johnson! (aims; tranquilizer gun cocks; shoots)Doofenshmirtz: Ow! Shot in the butt with a dart, while covered in honey and hair? Well, what do you know, my horoscope was right. (hugging pole) Oh, my beautiful, beautiful horoscope.Mrs. Johnson: Oh, no! What have I done? She's going to fall!Doofenshmirtz: (drowsily) Hold the door, Barbara. I think this is our floor. (falls)Candace: Thanks, guys! I could just hug you! (proceeds to hug her brothers, but ends up catching a hair and honey-covered Doofenshmirtz instead)Phineas: Awesome!Mrs. Johnson: Candace? You caught her! You saved this orangutan!Animal control guy: I'll take it from here. (grunts) Leave it to the professionals.Doofenshmirtz: Mama, I'm pretty.Mrs. Johnson: I knew you were a good catch.Candace: Thanks Mrs. Johnson.Jeremy: I didn't know you were helping out my mom. You made quite an impression on her.Candace: Well, I guess you could say I am having a good bad hair day.

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I'm blurry and I'm drowsy, but balladry beckons ♪
♪ Though, I might loose consciousness in 17 seconds ♪
♪ Don't know my location, I'm not sure that I care ♪
♪ But, I think I'm in a jungle and I'm covered in hair ♪
♪ If you want to know why, please refer to the chart ♪
♪ I've been shot in the butt with a dart ♪
♪ I've been shot in the-- ♪(Doofenshmirtz passes out)

Doofelations Season 3:125 | Meatloaf Surprise

(In Agent P's lair...)Monogram: Good morning, Agent P. We've recently found surveillance footage of Doofenshmirtz buying fresh produce. We've concluded there are two possibilities. Either he's up to something sinister that is food related, or he's cooking dinner 'cause he's got a beautiful woman coming over and he wants to imp...never mind, it's obviously the first thing.

(Perry sees Doofenshmirtz's shadow on a tent. He pulls back the curtains, but there's only a strange bird shaped like Doofenshmirtz's head. Perry gets trapped with his foot in a rope suddenly)Doofenshmirtz: Ha ha ha, welcome, Perry the Platypus! I never thought you'd fall for the old "distract Perry the Platypus with a weird bird" trap. I gotta say though, it's uh...it's quite an ugly bird. And now, for something a little more confining. (puts Perry in a clear box) You like it? It's biodegradable. A biodegradable trap. You know how everyone says, "if you don't like meatloaf, it's probably because you haven't tasted my meatloaf"? Well, it's true, because mine really is the best! (Perry folds his arms, annoyed) In fact, I come from a long line of great meatloaf chefs. The recipe was first created by my great, great grandmother Gretel Doofenshmirtz, who passed it down to my grandpa, José Doofenshmirtz, weird story there. Then he passed it down to my mom, who passed it down to...Roger. Ugh! Naturally, I had to steal it from him. And when I did, I finally found out what the secret ingredient was. The secret ingredient was hate. Usually it's love, but Great Grandma Gretel had some issues. With this recipe, I'm sure to win the Danville Meatloaf Festival! But just in case, I have the Rotten-inator! With a quick blast of this, my competitors' meatloaves will be completely rotten! My victory is guaranteed!

(Perry starts to use the smallest grappling hook to escape)Doofenshmirtz: And with this garnish, I leace nothing to chance. Ha ha ha! The meatloaf is complete. (doesn't see Perry escape) Ooh, there's the judges. I'd better zap that guy's meatloaf. (tries to zap the meatloaf but zaps Perry's box, rotting it) I rotted the trap? OH, I should've never made that out of biodegradable materials! Stupid Mother Earth! (Perry punches him) For that, I'll turn you rotten, then perhaps you'll stop annoying me! (repeatedly fires the Rotten-inator)

(Doofenshmirtz is still repeatedly firing the Rotten-inator)Doofenshmirtz: Hey, aren't you getting tired of this? Hold still! I'll --(He suddenly zaps his meatloaf, turning it rotten)Doofenshmirtz: OH, NO! MY MEEEATLOOOAAAF! You know, I've noticed how often my inators hit things that I never intended them to hit? It's quite oft...(Perry punches Doofenshmirtz, causing him to release the Rotten-inator. He catches it)Doofenshmritz: Perry the Platypus, give me that back.(Perry throws the Rotten-inator into the blender, causing it to be destroyed)Doofenshmirtz: AHH! Oh, and you had to put it on "puree", didn't you? CURSE YOU, PERRY THE PLATYPUS!

(Linda and Jamie arrive at Doofenshmirtz's booth)Linda: All right, Jamie, how about this booth?Jamie: UGH!Linda: Ew! This is rancid!Jamie: I can't believe I'm saying this, but some kind of preservatives in this meatloaf would've been a blessing.(Linda places a "disqualified" sign on the meatloaf and they walk off)Doofenshmirtz: Wait a minute. Disqualified? OHHH! It can't possibly be that bad, let me try it. (eats meatloaf and moans) Yes, someone's gonna have to...call the...paramedics, I think.

(Back with Doofenshmirtz, who's being taken away by the paramedics)Doofenshmirtz: Ugh, I knew I shouldn't eaten that -- wait, is that Tiny Cowboy?(the ambulence takes Doofenshmirtz away)

Doofelations Season 3:126 | Phineas and Ferb Interrupted

(In the Flynn-Fletcher house, Candace talking to Stacy on her phone in her room)
Candace: (on the phone) That's what going steady is, Stacy!
Jeremy and I aren't really engaged. But we're totally engaged to be engaged to be engaged. And by the way, that's on a "need-to-know" basis. Oh, why would Jeremy need to know?
Linda: Hey hon, I was just reading this article about mothers and daughters, and really listening to your teen. And I realized I've hardly seen you all summer, so for the whole day today, it's you and me. Whatever you want to do, I'm all yours. Anything at all.
Candace: Wait a minute, anything?
(on the phone) Stacy, I'll call you back.

(Phineas and Ferb are eating popcorn)
Isabella: Hi guys! Whatcha doin'?
Phineas: Watching grass grow.
Isabella: (giggles) No, really. Whatcha doin'?
Phineas: Did you know that the secret of success for grass growth is establishing a regular fertilizer schedule? We can make you a copy.
Isabella: Um... I'm good.
Baljeet: Hello! Greetings from the thing with two heads!
(silence)
Nothing? (sighs)
Buford: I told you sight gags were cheap.
Isabella: They're watching grass grow.
Buford: What, with like a super growth formula or somethin'?
Isabella: Oh, that must be it. That's it, right?
Phineas: Well, no. Grass is already so interesting, why bother?
Candace: Come on, mom! Let's set up! I can't wait to see your face when they get going. Just watch.
(silence)
Linda: You want me to bust them now?
Candace: Give it a few minutes.
Isabella: Hey, what's that?
Phineas: Lint roller.
(rolls it over Ferb)
Platypus hair. Hmm, that reminds me. Where's Perry?
(Perry arrives)
All but Ferb: Oh there you are, Perry!
(Phineas rolls it again over Ferb)
Baljeet: Um, can we up the action a bit here?
Phineas: Okay. Ferb.
(Ferb brings out another roller and the two roll each other with it.)
Buford: If this keeps up, you're gettin' back in the shirt!
Linda: How about... Now?
Candace: Hold on.
(approaches them) What are you guys up to?
Phineas: Just enjoying the wonderful world of lint.
Candace: Come on, who do you think you're foolin'?
Phineas: Nobody.
(rolls it again)
Candace: What the heck is wrong with these two?
Buford: It's like they were hit with a Dull-and-Boring Ray.
(Perry's eyes widen, and slowly crawls out.)

[Later, at O.W.C.A....]
Carl: Okay, Agent P, I've got the surveillance tape from earlier today.
Doofenshmirtz: (on the video, singing in the bathroom)
♪ ...Egg-laying, mammal of action... Doo doo doo doo... ♪
Carl: I'll fast forward.
(Fast forward to Doofenshmirtz sitting in the chair, disappointed, then he fast forward to the action.)
Doofenshmirtz: (on the video) Perry the Platypus? (gets kicked) Aaaah!
(Carl fast forwards to him finishing the musical number while Agent P is trapped.)
Behold! The Dull-and-Boring Inator!
(Carl fast forwards to Perry destroying the Inator)
Curse you, Perry the Platypus!
(Carl rewinds and pauses, revealing that the Inator fired before it was destroyed. Zooms in on the beam, firing in a precise position.)
Carl: Wow, who knew? Sure hope you didn't hit an innocent civilian.

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(Perry arrives)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? I mean, I wasn't crying... And what are you doing here anyway? What, destroying my Dull-and-Boring Inator once wasn't enough for you? Wait, what were you... Wait, you're fixing it? You ARE fixing it... Oh, you've had a change of heart! How wonderful! Go ahead, rebuild it, Perry the Platypus. Actually, you're doing it all wrong, if you put it together that way, it will be the reverse of a Dull-and-Boring Inator. It would be a Dynamic-inator which would make people more interesting. (gasps) Oh, I get it! We shoot me with the Dynamic-inator, I become more interesting and everyone else becomes duller by comparison. Oh, that's brilliant! I'm so glad I thought of it! Let's build it, come on, let's go.

Doofenshmirtz: We make a great team, don't we? I think we make a great team, do you think we make a great team? (Perry continues fixing the machine without a glance at Doofenshmirtz) Yeah, you do. I can tell.

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ We've got blueprints, glorious blueprints! ♪
♪ They give us endless potentialities! ♪
♪ We could build an android porcupine, ♪
♪ bionic hearts for Valentines, ♪
♪ or giant dogs with artificial fleas! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: ♪They make the things we dream reality! ♪

Candace, Isabella, Baljeet, Doofenshmirtz, Buford: ♪ We've got one prints, two prints, ♪
♪ nothing we can't do prints! ♪
♪ Three prints, four prints, ♪
♪ everyday it's more prints! ♪
♪ Five prints, six prints, ♪
♪ nothing we can't fix prints! ♪
♪ Big prints, small prints, ♪
♪ make anything at all prints! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: Yes! The Dynamic-inator is finished! And I couldn't have done it without you, new partner. Now if you'll be kind enough to point it to my face and blast me, I'll be the most fascinating and charming person in the Tri-State area! And then maybe we'll go to a movie or something.
(Perry shakes his head)
What do you mean no? Hand me the remote!
(Perry shakes his head)
Oh, Perry the Platypus, look at us! We're fighting over the remote like an old married couple! Hahaha. It's not cute. And I have a remote too; I'm going to get my own talk show!
(Perry pressed the button)
What are you... You're pointing it at the suburbs! My face is over here.
(both are pressing buttons)
I want you to shoot me. Hey, stop that! OH, you're just so difficult sometimes!

Doofenshmirtz: Fine! Point it wherever you want, baby. I'll be there. (crawls onto the machine so that it would hit him when it fired) Say hello to the new dynamic... (Perry hits him with an uppercut)
(the Dynamic-inator activates; it fires a beam.)

Doofenshmirtz: You never meant to work with me, did you, Perry the heartbreaker? Yes, go. Go back to your agency with their...Their uncool acronyms! Just remember, we once had something special!

(at DEI building, Perry knocks at the door with tools with him.)
Doofenshmirtz: Really?

Doofelations Season 3:127 | A Real Boy

(Scene opens up showing Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Radio DJ: Good morning, Danville! It's a beautiful day, so let's get out there and be happy!
(Alarm goes off)
(Song: "Sunshine and Bubble Gum")
Male Singer: ♪ Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum ♪
♪ Sunshine and bubblegum, happiness, here comes the sun ♪
♪ Sunshine, happiness and gum ♪
♪ Gumshine and bubblesun, happiness, we're having fun ♪
♪ Happiness, sunshine and gum ♪
♪ Go ahead and move with feeling, you can even dance (You can dance) ♪
♪ If you can feel it, go ahead and scream ♪
♪ If you're worried about the sound, you can always scream into a pillow ♪
Norm: Good morning, sir!
Doofenshmirtz: Ugh.
Norm: (Takes the egg carton and spills the eggs onto a pan) One egg or two?
Doofenshmirtz: None! I don't like them the way you cook 'em. You always leave in the shells! Who does that?
Norm: (Tosses the eggs) I like mine crunchy. (The eggs land on the pan, showing its components scattered on the stove. Doofenshmirtz's laptop beeps)
Doofenshmirtz: Just keep quiet over there. I got a call from Rodney. (Doofenshmirtz answers) What do you want, Rodney?
Rodney: I thought I'd share with you the progress on my new Super Zap-Inizer. (Turns the webcam) My son, Orville, helped me. He's a true evil genius. (Turns the webcam back to himself) I'm so glad I have a son who can assist me in my work and help me become a better evil scientist, instead of a daughter who can, (Sniffs) I don't know, go shopping, I guess? Is that what it's like, Heinz?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh that's ridiculous, Rodney. (Stammers) What you'd have me believe is that daughters (Vanessa walks in) are useless, and if only I had a son instead of a daughter, I'd be much more successful, and my life would be so much better. (Notices Vanessa, who walks off) Wait—No, Vanessa— (Gets up) No, wait—Wait! How long have you been standing there—Vanessa? (Vanessa walks into a room) Vanessa, honey! Oh I can't believe that she would think that I— (Walks back to the desk) I mean, it sure would be nice to have a son in addition. (Sits down) You know, someone to have a nice game of catch with, but—
Norm: Sir, you can have a game of catch with me! I've always thought of you as my fa—
Doofenshmirtz: Norm, you're in my light!
(Norm's mouth turns around, looking sad)
Norm: —ther.

(In Perry's lair...)
Major Monogram: I don't know what happened, Carl, but our cafeteria officially stinks.
Carl: Sir, I don't think you're being fair.
Major Monogram: Oh Mexican food station is gone, Carl... VANISH!
Carl: They still have the chili...
Major Monogram: Oh, right! Because chili is a perfect substitute for a nice touchy-taco. It's practically the same thing! (at Perry) Agent P, you're... here! Uhmm... Our inter-web monitor tells us that Dr. Doofenshmirtz has been video conference thing with the other members of the evil organization; L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N. It's obviously they're planning something big, but right now we have our hands full with this all cafeteria day debacle... so! Get out there and put a stop to it! Good luck, Agent P (Agent P salutes) .... Carl! We're going off the lot for lunch.
Carl: Is that allowed sir?
Major Monogram: Noo... (sigh)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: (to Perry) Oh this is terrible, look at her, look what I've done. (Gestures at Vanessa sitting on a chair at the balcony) She's been giving me the cold shoulder ever since she overheard something out of context. This is like one of those sitcoms where somebody says something that's misconstrued and the snoopy next door neighbor gets the wrong package delivered after his in-laws come to visit, somebody has two dates on the same night and they have to paint a white line down the middle of the room, but this isn't a sitcom, Perry the Platypus. This is real life. (pauses, as he and Perry glanced at the fourth wall) And... I'm... And I'm the father, and I have to treat her with the respect that she deserves in a caring fatherly fashion. (pause) I'll blast her with one of my inators! Wait here (goes to drag the inator) You like it, Perry the Platypus? I built it for the 170th anniversary of the Alamo, but I forgot to use it! It makes people forget about what they're thinking right at that moment, call it the Forget-About-It-inator! Heheh, I love that name. (starts trying out different tones) Forget about it. Forget about it. Forget about it! Haha, forget about it! (to Perry's face) Forget about it! (turns to Norm) How 'bout a handshake, (swings his hand) forget about it!
Norm: (as he leaves) If only I were a real boy.

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, Vanessa. I just need to take a picture of you because ... I love you and I don't need a son.
Vanessa: (Removing headphones) Did you say something, dad?
Doofenshmirtz: What? You're wearing headphones? So you haven't heard a thing I've said all day?
Vanessa: Why do you think I wear the headphones?
Doofenshmirtz: So you're not mad at me for saying I'd rather have a son than a daughter like you.
Vanessa: What?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, nothing, nothing. Just put these back on. (Puts headphones back in her ears.) There you go.
Vanessa: Whatever.
Doofenshmirtz: (Walking back to Perry and his Inator) What about that? She didn't hear me. I'm still a great dad. And the sitcom cliche has been resolved. I guess I didn't need this inator after all. Say, here's a thought. How about if I blast you instead?
(Norm walks up.)
Norm: Sir, I just want you to know that I've always thought of you as my father.
Doofenshmirtz: Look, Norm. This is going to have to wait. I have to blast Perry the Platypus and I'll be right with you.
(As Doofenshmirtz was talking to Norm, Perry turned the inator around so it was pointing at Doofenshmirtz. Doofenshmirtz looks into the inator and turns it on.)
Doofenshmirtz: There, (To Norm.) Now, who are you?
Norm: I am ... your ... son! (Pause) Yeah!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, really? (Turns to Perry) And what's that?
Norm: Don't worry, Dad, I'll get rid of it.
(Perry parachutes off the balcony.)
Doofenshmirtz: Funny, I don't seem to remember much.
Norm: You like playing ball with me, your son.
Doofenshmirtz: Really? I like that?
Norm: Yes.
Doofenshmirtz: What else do I like?
Norm: Crunchy eggs for breakfast.
Doofenshmirtz: I do? Man, what kind of weirdo am I?

(Back to Doofenschmirtz and Norm)
Doofenshmirtz: So what's this thing do? Ooh look, buttons! (Pushes buttons) Pushy, pushy! (Green ray comes out of inator)

Candace: —it comes down, that's great. We can bust Phineas and Ferb and be done in time for dinner.
(Memory erasing ray from Doofenshmirtz's inator hits Linda.)
Linda: So what did you want to show me, Candace?
(Invention lands.)
Candace: Uhm, that.
Linda: Good heavens! What is that?
Candace: Like I said, Phineas and Ferb built it and it's— (Invention takes off again)
Linda: Where's it going?
Candace: It'll be back. And then it's busting time for sure, right Mom?
(Another ray from the inator hits Linda.)
Linda: Alright, Candace. So what was it you wanted to show me?

Doofenshmirtz: This is fun. Pushy, pushy, push the buttons. I'm pushing the buttons.
Norm: Sir. Sir.

Norm: Sir! It's overheating and it could— (Inator explodes.)—explode.
Doofenshmirtz: Hey! Wait a minute. You're not my son. You're that walking junk pile, Norm.
Norm: But dad!
Doofenshmirtz: And I am not you're father. I'm fairly sure about that.
Norm: Bu-bu-bu-bu-but!
Vanessa: Here, Norm. (Gives him headphones.) Wear these. It helps.
Norm: Thanks, sis!
Vanessa: (Sarcastic) No problem, bro.
(Cut to Norm in closet listening to music. Doofenshmirtz opens the door and sticks his head in.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, buddy. Are you—are you busy?
Norm: No. Not really.
Doofenshmirtz: You know, Norm, it occurs to me that though I've never had a son, there is someone I can always count on to be there. Someone I've begun to think of as family.
Norm: Yes?
Doofenshmirtz: And that someone is Perry the Platypus. See you around, junkpile.
(Doofenshmirtz slams the closet door leaving Norm in the dark. Still wearing the headphones Vanessa gave him, Norm's frown flips around to a smile.)
Norm: Apology accepted, Dad.

Doofelations Season 3:128 | Mommy Can You Hear Me?

(Scene switches to Perry's lair, where he enters from an unknown entrance.)
Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P. Doofenshmirtz has been buying up all the hard salami, kaiser rolls, pickles, roast beef, mustard, horseradish, sauerkraut, and pimento loaf in the Tri-State Area. We don't know what it means, but it sounds like a recipe for evil. (pause) Or at least an evil sandwich. Investigate at once!
(Perry pushes a button on the console and a rocket-powered hang-glider comes from its hiding place, which he uses to exit his lair.)

(Scene switches to Perry flying the rocket-powered hang-glider to D.E.I. Just as he lands on the balcony, the hang-glider splits into two sections, and after it flies away, a trap door opens revealing a pickle trap. The aforementioned trap quickly captures him.)
Doofenshmirtz:Ah! Perry the Platypus. You got yourself in quite a pickle there! See? 'Cause it's a pickle. And you're inside it. Anyway, backstory. It all started the other day when I was visiting Tony's Deli.

(Flashback to when Doofenshmirtz shows Tony the raisin/"fly" in his soup)
Doofenshmirtz: I had gotten a bowl of chicken soup, but it had a fly in it.
Tony: It's a raisin.
Doofenshmirtz: It's a FLY!
Tony: It's a raisin.

Doofenshmirtz: So, I took it to an entomologist.
(Flashback)
Entomologist: It's a raisin.
(An outraged Doofenshmirtz walks away then slams the door.)
Entomologist: But on the other side is a fly.
(Flashback ends)

Doofenshmirtz: Of course, by then my soup was cold and it was too late for a refund. But now, I will wash Tony's Deli off the face of the Tri-State Area with my new Chicken Soup-inator! (camera pans to reveal the -inator)
It blasts out a super-concentrated rocket-like bolt (camera pans again to show a very large container...) of boiling hot chicken soup powerful enough to demolish an entire city block! You wouldn't believe how much chicken soup that baby takes, though! Luckily, Aaron's Deli was having a sale! Half a gallon of chicken soup free with every $40 purchase. All that chicken soup and it didn't cost me a nickel. Ha-ha! Of course, I had to buy a lot of food, mostly deli meats. (camera shows most of the food he had bought) They're piled up in the halls. It's... kind of warm in there. I hope they keep.

(Back at D.E.I., Perry's struggling to get out of the pickle trap. Perry finally gives up, but then gets an idea. After seeing if Doofenshmirtz isn't looking, he shakes off his fedora, reverts to pet mode, and then chatters.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, poor little regular platypus. Did mean old Perry the Platypus stick you in there? (releases Perry from the trap, who then punches him in the face) Hey, why did you do...
(Perry puts on his fedora)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus! (runs toward the pile of food; grabs a bag from the pile) I don't know how you escaped or what you did with the other platypus but here, these two-day-old bagels are harder than Bessemer steel! Have a nosh!
(Doofenshmirtz tosses three bagels from the bag. Perry avoids the first one, the second hits the wall, destroying part of it, but the third hits a passing by pelican.)
Doofenshmirtz: And how about some potato salad! Take this marble rye! And here's some braunschweiger! And some pickled herring! And, ooh, a red onion!
(Camera pans to Perry, who's holding a sandwich that has the food stuff Doofenshmitz threw at him.)
Doofenshmirtz: A Gunter Flagendorf? But how do you know that sandwich? He only made one movie and that was back in Gimmel... (gets hit in the face with the sandwich; screams)

(Back at D.E.I., Perry does a back-flip and an action pose, then enters a bathroom, closing the door behind him. He opens a drawer that has an empty spray bottle and an opened package of antacid tablets in it.)
Doofenshmirtz: What? A bathroom break? Next time go before you come...
(While he's talking, the camera reveals that Perry's in Vanessa's bathroom. After smiling mischievously, he leaves it carrying the now filled spray bottle.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, how about some macaroni salad? .... Antacid? The only effective defense against deli foods. (grunts as Perry tackles him in the stomach)

(Back at D.E.I., Doofenshmirtz spits some pickles out of his mouth.)
Doofenshmirtz: Twelve pickles! How did you even get them all in there? (leaps at Perry, who kicks him onto the -inator) My Chicken Soup-inator! Nooooo!
(A stream of chicken soup comes out and hits the asteroid as the latter passes by. The Chicken Soup-inator then explodes.)

Doofelations Season 3:129 | Road Trip

(The Flynn-Fletcher family's rental RV travels down in a road in a desert-like place.)
Phineas: Hey, Dad! It says on this map that America's largest sport sock is just three miles down the road. Are we gonna stop there?
(Song: "Yodel Odel Obey Me" (instrumental))
Lawrence: (Driving) I'm sorry, boys, but we only have 'till sundown to return this RV to the rental place.
Linda: We'll have to do it on our next road trip, okay?
Candace: I'm ready for this trip to be over. I'm tired of being in mobile lock-down, where I can't even call my friends because of spotty cell service! That, combined with the refrigerator door opening every time we make a left and sharing a bathroom the size of a postage stamp. The only consolation for this whole rigmarole, besides the fact we didn't stop at one of those greasy spoon road stop diners, is the fact you two haven't done (echoing) anything bustable for a whole week! Seven solid days. Are you even listening to me?
Phineas: Well, we were at first, but then you got all echoey and far away.
Candace: Oh, I'm gonna go take a nap.
Phineas: Ferb, Candace is right. We didn't get a chance to stop at a classic, all-American roadside truck stop diner! (During this, Agent P replaces himself with an inflatable sleeping platypus) You know, the juke boxes, the sassy waitresses, the little bowl of mints by the cash register.
Candace: (yawns) Too bad you can't build one. Heeheehee. (snores)
Phineas: Ferb, I know what we're gonna do today. Hey! (sees the inflatable Perry) There's Perry!

(Agent P transports himself to under the RV)
Major Monogram: (on a miniature monitor) Ah, Agent P, we're sorry. We know you're on vacation, but Doofenshmirtz is driving a big rig not far from your current location. We need you to reroute your family and catch up to him. Find out what he's up to and put a stop to it. Oh, I envy you. The romance of the open road. The tire chunks all up and down the shoulder and that ever-mysterious single shoe.
(Agent P sets up a computer and reroutes his family)

(Cut to Linda and Lawrence)
Automated voice: Turn left at next exit.
Lawrence: Hmm, that's odd, but I never argue with a lady.
Linda: Hey, what's that?
Lawrence: It's a CB radio. I can talk to truckers on it.
Linda: Talk to truckers? Do it!
Lawrence: Okay.
(on CB radio) Uh, breaker, breaker, 1-9. This is Cheeky Monkey. Anybody got their flappers on out there?
Linda: Cheeky Monkey?
Lawrence: Oh, that's me. It's my... my handle.
Linda: (pause) How do you know how to use a CB radio?
Lawrence: Simple, I studied this.
Linda: (reading) "Truck Drivin' Hits/1975-1975".
Lawrence: Yes, yes, yes, handle it carefully, dear.
Doofenshmirtz: (via CB radio) Hello? Cheeky Monkey?
Linda: Oh! Oh! You got someone.
Lawrence: (on CB radio) Yes, yes, this is Cheeky Monkey. You're shaking the windows. What's your handle, good buddy? Come back.
Doofenshmirtz: (via CB radio) A handle? Handle, handle. Oh, my name. Uh, yeah, you got Misfortune here.
Lawrence: (on CB radio) Well, hello, Miss.
(Cut to Doofenshmirtz driving a big rig)
Doofenshmirtz: (on CB radio) No, no! It's not Miss, it's... it's Misfortune. Like, like one word. It's like... It means bad luck. One word. So, uh, where are you?
Lawrence: (on CB radio) Oh, we're running a double nickel on a dime.
Linda: Double nickel on a...
Lawrence: 55 on the 10.
Linda: Oh, yes. Very clever.
Doofenshmirtz: (on CB radio) Well, let's see. I'm eastbound with a smoky on my 20, on a cab over Louie with... You know, I'm gonna level with you. I don't know were I am or what I'm saying, really. Is there a code for that?
Lawrence: (on CB radio) No worries, Miss. Just keep your metal up and your rubber down.
Doofenshmirtz: (on CB radio) Metal up? What kind of... (Perry lands on the windshield with suction cups on his hands and feet; at Perry) Hey! (on CB radio) Cheeky Monkey, I'm gonna have to call you back.
Lawrence: (on CB radio) 10-4, good buddy. I'm gone.
Linda: You know, you just scored some big man points in my book for that.
Lawrence: Woo-hoo!
Linda: You just lost them again.

(Cut to Perry and Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, don't start anything because I'm driving and it's really unsafe. Quit goofing around and sit down! Besides, you should really have seat belts on. (laughing) Yeah! Ah, you're probably wondering what I'm doing driving this big rig. As you know, every Inator of mine has a self-destruct feature, all of which rely on a little formula top scientists refer to as "Boom Juice". I found a cheap deal on a whole truckload of the stuff out here in the sticks. But I had to drive it home myself because, well, the shipment's a little old and unstable. (beeping) Oh, pay no attention to that. That's just the mandatory early warning explosion alert. I'll just turn down the sound so we can talk. Then I can tell you some of my truck driving tales.

(Cut to the boys)
Phineas: Ready?
(Ferb gives a thumbs up. Both strap their seat belts and the seat rises out of the roof)

(Candace is napping. She snores, then sits up in her sleep)
Candace: Mom. Phineas and Ferb. Bust. Look.
Man: And one little orphan boy looked up at me with tears in his eyes and he said: "Mr. Trucker Man, you done saved Christmas!"
Lawrence: Oh, that's good.
(Candace walks up to Linda and Lawrence in her sleep)
Candace: Mom. Bust. Boys.
Linda: Oh, Lawrence, look. Candace is sleep-busting again!
Lawrence: Aww, that's adorable.
Linda: Hon, go back to your nap now. Go on. (directs her away)
Candace: Mom. Bust. Boys.
Lawrence: Oh, go on. Play track three! It's the one where a group of truckers take down a corrupt police force using only their trucks and their saucy colloquialisms.
(Song: "Yodel Odel Obey Me" (instrumental))

(Cut to the boys)
Delivery Man: Delivery. Hey, aren't you two a little young to be receiving a seasoned grill, 300 pounds of coffee, 200 pounds of fatback, four tons of lumber and assorted wheat, rye and pumpernickel breads?
Phineas: Think about it. Age isn't really the issue here, right?
Delivery Man: You got a point, kid.

(Cut back to Doof and Perry)
Doofenshmirtz: So, then I say to him, "That's not a penguin. It's a throw pillow." And so he throw it at me. Turns out it was a penguin and its beak went right into my mouth. And I'm all, "Ew! Their beak is their nose!" Ugh! True story. (During this Perry frees himself using the sun's ray and punches Doofenshmirtz) Ah! (Perry takes the wheel)
(Song: "Alabama Bound")
♪ He's a mobile mammal and I bet you a fiver ♪
♪ He's eatin' hush puppies and corn... ♪
Doofenshmirtz: (kicks Perry out of the way) Perry the Platypus, I can't fight you and drive at the same time! It's a good thing I installed my Hitch-a-ride-inator. A-ha! Voila. We are locked together. They do all the driving and I don't have to. Now, where were we? Wait. Hey! Where did you go? (Perry attacks him from behind) Ow! Ow! Ow! No! No! (Perry pushes Doof against the windshield) Hey! Hey, what the heck, man?
(Cut to Lawrence)
Lawrence: Oh! My word, there's a truck-driving pharmacist and he's pressing his face up against his windshield.
Oh, that's what I love about you Americans. You're like big, fun children.
Linda: Yes, yes, we are.
(Perry throws Doof out the window)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, how about that! Did you ever notice that the hood ornament here is a little dog?

(Cut to Candace in the RV, she wakes up and notices that Phineas and Ferb are not here)
Candace: Hmm...
(Candace walks up to Linda and Lawrence)
Linda: Right there! Red barn! Bingo!
Candace: Mom, have you seen Phineas and Ferb?
Linda: (oblivious to her awake) Oh, honey, you're still sleep-busting. Go back and lie down, Candace.
Candace: Oh, but the boys -- !
Linda: (directs her away) Go on, you're sleeping.
Candace: Phineas? Ferb? Hello?!
(Song: "Little Bit of Home on the Road")
(country music playing)
Candace: Hey, is that...music? (She gets out a ladder, extends it and climbs up and sees an escalator) What?!
(She gets on the escalator; cut to the inside of a diner on the RV. Candace comes into the diner via a small staircase in the floor, she is shocked)
Phineas: Hey, Candace! Welcome to the No Stop Truck Stop. It's like a little bit of home, on the road!
Candace: Phineas, my last peaceful hours of vacation, and you build this?!
Man 1: More coffee, Miss?
Candace: This is unbelievable! (pours coffee) When Mom, sees this one, she's gonna completely flip!
Man 2: Miss, I'd like the breakfast special.
Candace: (writes in a notebook) Honestly, you can close your eyes for one second around you boys. (to someone) Hash browns or fruit?
Man 2: Hash browns!
Candace: You're having fruit! (tears out order)
Man 2: Oh...
Candace: (to Phineas) You are so busted!
Man 3: Hey, some orange juice over here.
Candace: Yeah, hold your horses. (to Phineas, picking up a pitcher of orange juice) I mean, it's bad enough in our own backyard, but at least that's stationary. (pours orange juice)
Man 4: Do the eggs southwest have bacon in them?
Candace: (holds up notebook) Ferb, bacon in the southwest? (Ferb gives a thumbs up) There's bacon.
Man 4: Is the bacon good?
Candace: It's bacon.
Man 4: Okay, then, uh, I'll take, uh...
Candace: Not getting any younger here.

♪ This is our "No Stop Truck Stop", ♪
♪ Come on in, take a break from ♪
♪ hauling that load ♪

♪ We got coffee that's hot ♪
♪ and ice that's not, ♪
♪ It's a little bit of home on the road ♪

♪ We got lots of gravy to fill up all our pans, ♪
♪ And restrooms out in back ♪
♪ If you have to wash your hands ♪

♪ If an armadillo is your pillow ♪
♪ and your cab is your abode, ♪
♪ Then come on in for a little bit of home on the road ♪

♪ Enjoy the view while you're ♪
♪ slurping homemade stew, ♪
♪ And when you're finish you can sit and chat ♪

Phineas: Do you want pie?
Unnamed trucker: Oh yeah!

♪ Our juke plays latest hits from 1966, ♪
♪ We may not know where we're going ♪
♪ but we sure know where it's at ♪

♪ There's chicken fried steak, ♪
♪ and some devil's food cake, ♪
♪ as we whirl through another zip code ♪

♪ There's butter that's real ♪
♪ and butter that's fake, ♪
♪ Just a little bit of home on the road ♪

♪ Just sit right down, ♪
♪ you look like a hungry gent, ♪

♪ Our biscuits and gravy, ♪
♪ go down like wet cement, ♪

♪ So, if you're looking for home cooking, ♪
♪ or you want to see a three-headed toad, ♪

♪ Just come on in for a little bit of home on the road (3x) ♪

(Candace puts another order on a trolley just before realizing she's working as a waitress)
Candace: (throws down notebook and apron) Oh, what am I doing!?

(Cut back to the fight)
Doofenshmirtz: That's it, Perry the Platypus! There is nowhere left to run! You have officially overstayed your welcome! (Perry goes under Doof) Hey! Hey, no fair! (He throws the lid at Perry, but he ducks and it hits a sign that flings the lid back at Doof) Ow!
(The lid goes under the tire of the RV making the OWCA laptop disconnect; cut back to Linda and Lawrence)
Automated voice: Left in 100 feet.
Lawrence: Uh, okay. This seems to have a little more corn than most shortcuts.
(Perry sees Cactus Gorge, goes between the vehicles, cut the Hitch-a-ride-inator, and it separates)
Doofenshmirtz: I'm outta here! Oh, great!
(Perry reconnects the laptop and reroutes the RV)
Automated voice: Turn right to avoid plunging 5,000 feet into Cactus Gorge.
Lawrence: Well, yes, all right, might as well.
(Lawrence does so; back to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, no! My Boom Juice! Heading for Cactus Gorge! (It goes over) Oh. Well, what do you know? My Boom Juice isn't as volatile as I had... (The rig explodes)

(The explosion sends Candace back down the stairs)
Candace: (screams)
Man 5: Uh, Miss, I ordered some pie.
(Candace falls down the escolator back into the RV. She lands in a chair, it rises)
Candace: (screams)
Phineas: Really? By banding together, the truckers saved Christmas? Cool.
(The seat pops up from the stair area)
Candace: Oh, you're coming with me! (swipes the boys and goes back down)
Man 5: (at the camera) Yeah, I still never got my pie.

(Cut back to Lawrence and Linda)
Linda: (sighs) I think I'll go check on the kids. (unfastens seat belt and stands up, does a half moon pose and leaves; The seat lowers back down just as she arrives; sees Candace with her arms around Phineas and Ferb) Oh, look at you guys.
Candace: Wait! No, Mom! (gets out of her seat and pushes Linda toward the ladder) The boys! They built a truck stop! On the roof! Seriously, a whole restaurant! Climb up and see!
Linda: Hon...
Candace: Mom, go! Look!
Linda: (flatly) Okay, here we go... (goes up ladder)
Candace: Ee-ee-ee-ee...

(Cut to a parkway where the Nagging wife and her husband are)
Farmer's wife: It's always about you! I have dreams, too, you know. I've always wanted to own a little truck stop diner.
(The RV drives under the bridge where they are, the diner suddenly comes apart at the bridge)
Farmer: There you go.
Farmer's wife: How do you do that?

(Linda opens the roof lid and peeks out to see nothing)
Linda: (pause) I don't get it. (to Candace) What am I supposed to see?
Candace: (comes up) What?! (grabs her head) NOOOO!!!
Lawrence: (comes up) So, what are we looking at? (pause, Candace and Linda look at him) Oh. Oh, right, haha! (goes back in)
(Candace and Linda look at the screen in shock)

(cut back to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Yep, gonna need some new pants. Well, I fail to see how this day could get any worse. (whistling overhead; at the camera) Flaming cactus. (screams, gets covered in flaming cactus) Yeah, that ought to do it!

Doofelations Special:130 | Phineas and Ferb the Movie: Across the 2nd Dimension

(Open to a large pit, walking along a cliff with lava surrounding them, a chained up Phineas, Ferb, Agent P, Candace and Dr. Doofenshmirtz are trudging to their doom. At the end of the path, a giant ferocious monster, the Goozim, is in a cage, it roars loudly, blowing their hair back)

Doofenshmirtz: Yeah? Well, welcome to my life! (the Goozim roars, he gasps and hides behind a robot)Phineas: Huh. And everything started out so well this morning. (Ferb looks at the screen)

(Present)Carl: (off screen) And I did!Major Monogram: Don't get cocky, Carl! Agent P, as you know, every operative is equipped with an auto-scan replication device, just like the one in your hat. We've been using the information you've gathered to replicate each and every one of Dr. Doofenshmirtz's inators. Our top men have been analyzing them to determine if they've been getting smarter or dumber. And, to be honest, the jury's still out. Now we find out that he's in the process of building an alternate dimension-related inator. Your assignment is to stop him, before he finishes building it. Behind you, rising dramatically from the floor, is Carl with some high-tech devices that you might find useful.(A platform rises with dramatic music, on it is a large container of devices)Carl: (off-screen) Um, Sir? Hello? I didn't step on in time. Would you mind lowering the platform again?Major Monogram: Oh, great, let me... cue the music again. (Rewind dramatic music and plays it again as Carl rises with the platform this time)Carl: Voilà, monsieur! (He shows a wristwatch) This first item is our new wrist-communicationizer. It has many applications that will help you in the field. For example, a powerful directional electro-magnet. It will draw any metal object to you. (He pushes a button and his glasses are drawn to it) See? And these are aluminum!Major Monogram: Quit goofing around, Carl, and show him the hologram.Carl: Yes, sir. (he pushes a button on the watch and turns on hologram of Major Monogram)Major Monogram: Hehe. Pretty nifty, huh? (from the hologram) With this device, you'll be able to contact me anywhere at anytime, but don't call between 3:30 and 4:00, because...that's when I take a shower. Whoa wee, wait a minute. (Points to Monogram on the big screen) Is that... me?Carl: Oh, no! His holographic projection has become mesmerized by his video image! I better shut it off.(He shuts off the hologram, then points to the watch again)And if you push THIS button, it'll give your adversary an incredible ice cream headache.(He pushes button and immediately screams and holds his head in pain, then stops)It's gone. You better watch where you point that. (He hands the watch over to Perry)

♪Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated!♪

Doofenshmirtz: Now, Perry the Platypus, quake in terror, as I punch a hole through to another dimension! (shows his Other Dimensionator) Behold! The Other-Dimensionator...Norm: Sir!Doofenshmirtz: What? What?Norm: (in front of a large buffet table) I've finished setting up the buffet.Doofenshmirtz: Oh, for crying out loud, Norm. I was in the zone!Norm: I just thought you were playing with your doll.Doofenshmirtz: It's not a doll, it's a stand-in. Pretendy the Practice-pus, see? I wonder if Perry the Platypus practices with a fake me? It would be nice to know he cares enough...(tennis ball eye falls off the stand-in)

(at DEI)
Doofenshmirtz: Time to give it a little test. (he turns it on, it starts for a brief second, then shuts down) Hmm. Well, I just finished it. It can't be broken already.
(Phineas and Ferb smash into it)
Doofenshmirtz: (sighs) I stand corrected.
(Phineas and Ferb get out of the shuttlecock) Alright, what's with the giant shuttlecock?
Phineas: We're really sorry, sir. I don't know what happened. One minute we were innocently launching ourselves across the city in a badminton platypult, the next thing we know, we're bouncing on up to the east side to your deluxe apartment in the sky.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, it looks like you've totaled my Other-Dimensionator.
Phineas: An Other-Dimensionator? What does it do?
Doofenshmirtz: Well, at the moment, it just stops giant shuttlecocks, apparently, but it's supposed to let me go into other dimensions.
Phineas: Oh, that's cool! We can help you fix it. I'm Phineas and this is my brother, Ferb.
Doofenshmirtz: I'm Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz, but my friends call me.... (stops and thinks) I just got into such a funk.
Phineas: Ferb is naturally handy with tools. I'll bet we could put this thing back together again in no time.
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, what the heck. Before we start, there's a whole buffet set up here. Please partake, I was expecting someone who seems to be running late.

(Back to DEI, the boys have restored the Other-Dimensionator)
Phineas: Almost there. Okay, field compressor attaches to the auxiliary generator. Was this working before?
Doofenshmirtz: Well, if by "working", you mean "functioning properly", then, uh, no.
Phineas: Well, I think I see your problem. Everything's wired through this self-destruct button. Do you even need that?
Doofenshmirtz: Well, of course I need—Wait a minute. No! I do not need that! You are absolutely right. Huh.
Phineas: So Ferb has rigged up this remote control, so that if we get separated from the portal, we can open another one.
Doofenshmirtz: Nice touch, kid.
Phineas: I guess this is the last piece. Okay, Ferb, boost me up. (Ferb lifts him)

(Suddenly, Perry crashes through the window on his jet-pack, ready to attack, he stops as he sees the boys and lands, his eyes dart nervously as he looks)
Doofenshmirtz: Ooh, I cannot wait!
(Perry takes a step back, Phineas glances and Perry is back in pet mode, he chatters)
Phineas: Oh, there you are, Perry.
Doofenshmirtz: Perry?
Phineas: Yeah. He's our pet platypus.
Doofenshmirtz: Is every platypus named Perry?
Phineas: In a perfect world, yes.
Doofenshmirtz: Aww, well, he's a cute little fella. Hi there. (he tickles Perry's chin) Gootchie-- (Perry bites his finger) OW OW OW!
Phineas: Perry, no! (He and Ferb pull him off) We do not bite the elderly!
Doofenshmirtz: Again, ow. No, it's okay. Platypuses don't typically like me.
Phineas: Well, Perry, you're just in time to see us open a window to another dimension.
(Perry's eyes widen, Phineas and Ferb are about to put the piece in, when Perry leaps and grabs it in his mouth)
Perry, no! What are you doing?! (Perry goes under the buffet table) No, no! (he and Ferb run after him)
Perry, (Phineas grabs the piece and pulls) this is not tug of war. This is not tug of war! (Phineas pulls the piece out) Silly boy. What's gotten into him?
Doofenshmirtz: Alright, let's get this show on the road, huh?

Major Monogram: (his head appears beside Perry) Remember, if your cover's blown, you'll never see the boys again.
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, does anyone hear someone talking?
Major Monogram: (actually the hologram on Perry's watch) Never see them again...
(Perry covers the watch and reverts to pet mode)
Phineas: Okay, (Perry walks over to the nearby couch) here we go. (Ferb lifts him) Right in he--
(Perry suddenly pees on the couch, he then jumps off)
Phineas: Perry! No! (He and Ferb run over) Not on the sofa! (Ferb picks him up) Oh, I'm sorry, Dr. D. We should take him out.
Doofenshmirtz: No, no. Wait. It'll be all right. (he turns over the cushion) I was planning on replacing this old couch anyway. Now come on, let's light this pop stand, or however it goes.
(Perry looks nervous as they go to the machine, Phineas inserts the piece and it powers up)
This is, uh, it's kinda weird, actually. I'm usually thwarted by this point. Hm. Well, I guess he's not coming.
(he turns it on, a portal forms) And now! Behold! The mind blowing first images from beyond our dimensional reality!

(Their eyes all widen as it forms, and then a room with a couch in shades of pink and purple appears)
Doofenshmirtz: Hmm. It's a...it's a couch. That's a bit anti-climatic. I guess it's a nice couch, though.
(He looks back and forth between his couch and the other one)
Hmm. Hey, I got an idea! Let's swap my couch for that one! (he enters the portal)
Phineas: Um...
Doofenshmirtz: (grabs the pink couch and tries to pull it to the portal) Okay, I got it, I got - uh, maybe, hey, you want to give me a hand here?
Phineas: Whoa, awesome! (He and Ferb, who's still holding Perry, enter the portal) Check it out!

Major Monogram (2nd Dimension): Ahem.
Doofenshmirtz: (sees the 2nd dimension Monogram) Oh uh, hello. Say, aren't you...
Phineas: Hey Dr. D! Look at this!
Doofenshmirtz: Hold that thought! (runs over to a balcony and sees Phineas, Ferb, and Perry are looking out)
Phineas: You're famous here!

(reveals the 2nd Dimension Tri-State Area, which is various colors of purples, pinks and greens, we see various places, all named after Doofenshmirtz, we see a 2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz poster, he wears a black lab coat buttoned over grey pants and black boots, and grey gloves, he has a goatee, spiked up hair and an eyepatch on his left eye, which has a scar that goes over the patch)
(reveals a large statue of Doofenshmirtz-2, he rides a rhino, holding a shield that reads ME, and holding a sword that reads OBEY)
(reveals a store called Doof's Closet, signs on it read YOUR HOTSPOT FOR MANDATORY DOOFERALLS!, CLOTHES YOU MUST OWN!, HIGH PRICES!, EXPENSIVE!, THE LATEST IN REQUIRED CONFORMITY!)

(A subway train with 2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz's face pulls into the station, its doors open)
Doofenshmirtz (2nd Dimension) 's VO: Get off!

Doofenshmirtz: (Reading a blimp) "Heinz Doofenshmirtz, Your Leader"?
(Perry has an incredibly nervous look on his face, he gulps)
A whole Tri-State Area where I am already in charge! (chuckles) Yeah! Wait a minute, I gotta go check something out. (he goes up to 2nd Dimension Monogram) Uh, yoo-hoo! Hello again!
Major Monogram (2nd Dimension): Is this some kind of test? Is that really you, sir?
Doofenshmirtz: Ha ha! Holy Boy! Even the great Francis Monogram's my slave in this dimension!
Major Monogram (2nd Dimension): I prefer the term "Indentured Executive Assistant".
Doofenshmirtz: Well, I want to meet this other dimension me, where can I find him?
Major Monogram (2nd Dimension): Oh, you're from another dimension? Well then, he'll probably want to see you, he's into that freaky sorta stuff. Have a seat and I'll let him know you're on your way up.
(He pushes a button on a control and a chair slides in, Doofenshmirtz gets on)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, so I just gotta sit here and...

(It slides away, he screams as two doors open and he enters, a song starts up as he goes into an animatronic ride filled with gnomes, he passes by the Gunther Goat Cheese's Goat and waves)
Gnomes: ♪ Doof Doof Doof♪ / ♪Bask in his glory♪ / ♪Kneel at his feet ♪ /♪ You're in for such a treat♪ / ♪He's Doofenshmirtz!♪
(He enters another room)
Doofenshmirtz: That was awesome! (He slides up to a desk, a chair turns to reveal 2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz-2: Alright, who's interrupting my...
(He stops and sees Doofenshmirtz, they both Hmm, they get up, switch seats, hmm, and switch seats again, and hmm again)
Do I know you?
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, I'm you from another dimension.
Doofenshmirtz-2: Well, that would explain the handsomeness.
Doofenshmirtz: Right back atcha, big guy.
Doofenshmirtz-2: Does that mean you and I are exactly alike?
Doofenshmirtz: I suppose so.

Doofenshmirtz-2: ♪Do you want some rice pudding?♪
Doofenshmirtz: Blech, no, that's gross!
Doofenshmirtz-2: ♪It was a test. Almond brittle?♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪Ooh, I love it the most!♪
Doofenshmirtz-2: Me too!

Doofenshmirtz: ♪Do you collect coins?♪
Doofenshmirtz-2: ♪Yeah, just in case.♪
♪Vending machines become the♪
Both: ♪Dominant race! I've been alone all these years♪
♪With my irrational fears♪

Doofenshmirtz: But not the vending machine thing. That's gonna happen.
Doofenshmirtz-2: ♪But now before me I see♪
Both: ♪Someone with whom I agree♪
♪I've found a brand new best friend and it's me♪
♪I've found a brand new best friend and it's me♪

Doofenshmirtz-2: ♪Hmm, I thought I'd be taller.♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪I've been told I slouch♪
♪I thought I've have both my eyes, y'know...♪
Doofenshmirtz-2: It's in this pouch.
Doofenshmirtz: Ouch!

Doofenshmirtz: You know, I can't help but notice that your scar goes over your eye patch.
Doofenshmirtz-2: Yeah...
Doofenshmirtz: ...Nothing...

Doofenshmirtz: ♪Do llamas weird you out?♪
Doofenshmirtz-2: ♪Yeah, are they camels or sheep?♪
Doofenshmirtz: No, no, I meant Lorenzo
Doofenshmirtz-2: Oh, that's right!
Both: ♪He played Meap!♪

♪Now I know all about you♪
♪And you know all about me♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪Ooh-wee-ooh♪
Both: ♪And now before me I see♪
♪Someone with whom I agree♪
♪I've found a brand new best friend and it's me♪
♪I've found a brand new best friend and it's me♪

♪Now that I've found you♪
♪We can be a duo♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪That's right.♪
Both: ♪Twice the evil ♪
♪Double Doofenshmirtz ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪Coming at you Fridays!♪

Doofenshmirtz-2: What's that, are we doing a TV show together?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh no. It just sort of sounded like that. Well, I mean, we could. We should!
Doofenshmirtz-2: Hmm, maybe we're not so much alike.
Doofenshmirtz: That can be your catchphrase! You're the grumpy one. (Pokes him) Eh?

(Back in 2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz's office)
Doofenshmirtz-2: So what you're telling me is you're still not ruler of your Tri-State Area?
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah? Well obviously YOU did not have to deal with MY nemesis, Perry the Platypus!
Doofenshmirtz-2: Oh didn't I? Observe! (He motions to a doorway, it opens, and something steps out)
Doofenshmirtz: What is it?
(reveals Perry-2, or Platyborg, he salutes)
Doofenshmirtz-2: This is Perry the Platyborg! He was once my nemesis, but now, he is general of my army!
Doofenshmirtz: Wow, you are good!
Doofenshmirtz-2: Dismissed.
(Platyborg salutes again and rockets off)

(Phineas, Ferb, and Perry ride in on the same chairs Doofenshmirtz did)Phineas: That was awesome!
Doofenshmirtz-2: Ugh, now who's interrupting me? Remind me to berate my Indentured Executive Assistant!
Doofenshmirtz: No, man, it's cool. They're with me.
Phineas: Oh, hey, Dr. D. We thought we lost you.
Doofenshmirtz: Hi, fellas! (2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz grabs him) Whoops!
Doofenshmirtz-2: You dare to bring a secret agent in here?
Doofenshmirtz: This boy's a secret agent?
Doofenshmirtz-2: No, not him!
Doofenshmirtz: The quiet one?
(Ferb turns to Phineas and shrugs)
Doofenshmirtz-2: No, not- No, HIM!
Doofenshmirtz: This plant?
(reveals a small potted plant next to Phineas, Ferb and Perry)
Doofenshmirtz-2: The platypus! That's secret agent Perry the Platypus!
Phineas: Whoa, hey. He's just a platypus. He doesn't do much.
Doofenshmirtz-2: Oh, this is rich! I see what's going on here. You, you really think that he's your pet, don't you? WRONG! He's using you! You're just his cover! He's a secret agent! Here, here, let me prove it. (he looks up) General Platyborg, come down here at once! He'll be here in just a second, and then...
(Platyborg lands on 2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz's foot, he yells in pain and holds his foot, then stops)
Alright, Platyborg, you see that platypus? You know what to do.(Platyborg charges and smacks Perry away)
Phineas: Perry!
(Perry lands on his feet and shakes himself)
What was that for?! (He and Ferb run to Perry) Perry, are you okay?
Doofenshmirtz: Told ya.
(Ferb checks Perry with a stethoscope)
Phineas: How are his vitals?
Doofenshmirtz-2: Wait, let me try something. Platyborg, do the same thing to those two boys.
Doofenshmirtz: What?
(Platyborg leaps and charges at Phineas and Ferb)
Phineas: What?
(Platyborg is about to punch, when Perry stands upright and socks him back, Phineas and Ferb stare at him in shock)

Phineas: Perry?! (Perry looks at both boys, realizing what he’s done)
Doofenshmirtz-2: YES! I knew it!
Doofenshmirtz: Wait a minute. I-I'm confused. Why does their platypus fight so good?
(Perry rolls his eys as he puts his fedora on)PERRY THE PLATYPUS?!
Doofenshmirtz-2: (sarcastic) Really?
Doofenshmirtz: What?
(2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz sighs in exasperation and facepalms)
Phineas: (looking hurt) Perry? (Perry guiltily averts his eyes)
Doofenshmirtz-2: GET THEM!
(Two armored bots come at them, Perry pulls Phineas and Ferb away; Phineas yells)
Phineas: You're a secret agent?!
(They swerve as more bots come in, they slide under the animal skeleton, a bot knocks away the skull)
Doofenshmirtz-2: Hey, be careful with that!
(The skull slides near a window, Phineas, Ferb, and Perry back up. Phineas gets angry)
Phineas: So this is where you disappear to everyday? You come here and fight this guy?
Doofenshmirtz: No, he-he fights me. He doesn't really know this guy.
Phineas: You fight a pharmacist? Why would you even do that?!
Doofenshmirtz: Actually, I'm an evil scientist, but a lot of people are confused by the lab coat.
Phineas: You're evil? He's evil?! (They back up to the window pane) So not only have you been leading a double life this whole time, but you sat there and let us help an evil scientist open an evil portal into an evil dimension, and you did nothing to stop us?!
Ferb: Well, he did pee on the couch.
Doofenshmirtz: Wait a second, I just realized. That was a conscious choice! You peed on my couch!
(Perry shrugs embarrassedly)Phineas: No, no, that wasn't enough! That's when you should've put on your little hat! Not now, after we've gone through it into this mess!
Doofenshmirtz-2: Oh, for badness sake, you can hash all this out in prison. Guards?
(Perry pushes the brain freeze button on his watch, 2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz grabs at his head)
Doofenshmirtz-2: Ahh! Brain freeze!

Both Doofenshmirtz's: Curse you, Perry the Platypus!
Doofenshmirtz: Jinx! You owe me a soda!

(Meanwhile, Doofenshmirtz is squeezed into a small school chair. 2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz is by a picture of Perry in pet mode.)
Doofenshmirtz-2: So tell me, other-dimension me. What do you see here?
Doofenshmirtz: An ordinary platypus.
(2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz flips the page, now showing an image of Perry in secret agent mode.)
Doofenshmirtz-2: And now what do you see?
Doofenshmirtz: (gasps) Perry the Platypus?!
Doofenshmirtz-2: You know, I'm starting to see why you haven't become ruler in your dimension.
Doofenshmirtz: Alright, Mr. "Eviler than Thou", just how did you manage to take over the Tri-State Area, anyway?
Doofenshmirtz-2: Simple. I used an army of big, scary robots.
(Motions to a huge army of Normbots, they convert to the Norm heads)
Normbots: We should do lunch sometime! (they revert back to the armored heads)
Doofenshmirtz: Wow. That is scary. I tried that robot thing once, too. I hid the self-destruct button on the bottoms of their feet, so nobody could reach them.

(Flashback to Doofenshmirtz with his army of bots, all which have the foot with the self destruct button raised up, he rides on the shoulder of one of the bots. Doofenshmirtz then calls out "And march!", which causes the robots to take a step forward and explode)

(Present)
Doofenshmirtz: I think I've said enough. I still don't get it, if we're the same person, why are you so much better at being evil than me?
Doofenshmirtz-2: True evil is born through pain and loss. You see, when I was a small boy back in Gimmelshtump, I had a toy train.

(We flashback to young Doofenshmirtz-2, still with the eyepatch, but no scar. He holds a wooden train, we then see him looking at the tracks.)
Doofenshmirtz-2: (narrating) Then one day, I lost it.
Young Doofenshmirtz-2: Choo Choo?

(Present; Doofenshmirtz stares)
Doofenshmirtz: That's... That's it?
Doofenshmirtz-2: What do you mean?
Doofenshmirtz: That's your emotionally scarring backstory? That's your great tragedy? Dude, I was raised by ocelots, literally. Disowned by my parents and raised by Central American wildcats, and you're telling me you lost a toy train? That's it? That's all you got? Really? I had to work as a lawn gnome, I was forced to wear hand-me-up girl's clothing, neither of my parents showed up for my birth!
Doofenshmirtz-2: Well, how did you feel when you lost that toy train?
Doofenshmirtz: Well, I never lost that toy train.
Doofenshmirtz-2: Well, maybe if you had, you would've done better. Since you have neglected to take over YOUR Tri-State Area, I think I'll go over there and give it a shot myself.
Doofenshmirtz: Great, we can be a team!
Doofenshmirtz-2: (Sarcastic) Yeah, right, a team.
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, was that sarcasm?
Doofenshmirtz-2: (Sarcastic) No...
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, right there, I'm pretty sure that's my voice when I'm being sarcastic.

TV: ♪Doofenshmirtz Evil News Update!♪
(Perry walks over to it, we see 2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz on the TV)Doofenshmirtz-2: This is a message for other dimension Perry the Platypus. If you turn yourself in, I promise not to hurt your little friends. If you don't, all bets are off.
(Perry turns to go)Phineas: (still talking) ...And then we launched ourselves from a giant Perry the Platypult... (he sees Perry sneaking off)(Perry hides behind a curtain and puts on his fedora, he is about to go)You are kidding me! (Perry stops) You're actually sneaking away again? So nothing's changed. (Ferb walks up and crosses his arms) Did it ever occur to you that we could help you? That we could've made a great team? (Phineas puts his arm around Ferb) But I guess you can't have teamwork without trust. (Perry looks down, ashamed, then back up at Phineas, with his head down)
You don't have to sneak away anymore. We know your secret. (Perry's tail droops. Phineas points towards the door) You can just go.
(Perry walks off sadly)

(We cut to Doofenshmirtz and 2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz with the Other-Dimensionator)
Doofenshmirtz: Behold, the Other-Dimensionator! Actually, this is the Other Other-Dimensionator, the Other-Dimensionator is back in the other dimension. (2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz glares) Okay, step 1 is push this button. (pushes it, it powers up) Step 2, stand back in awe! (it starts up, but then shuts down) Awww...
Doofenshmirtz-2: That's it?
Doofenshmirtz: (laughs sheepishly) Now that I think about it, uh, those two boys made some modifications to my design which may have allowed it to, you know, to work.
Doofenshmirtz-2: Great. Now I need those two boys?
(Just then, a Normbot comes in, holding Perry by his scruff. It throws him, a wastebasket is put on top of him, and a brick is placed on top of it.)
Both Doofenshmirtz's: Ah, Perry the Platypus!
Doofenshmirtz: Jinx! You owe me two sodas!
Doofenshmirtz-2: Listen, Perry the Platypus, I know I told if you turned yourself in, I wouldn't hurt your friends, but change of plans. Now I need to hunt them down, which may involve a little hurting. I know that makes me a liar, but hello! Evil! (Perry glares)

(2nd dimension)
Phineas: Well, thanks everyone. Hey, where's Per... Oh, that's right.
TV: ♪Doofenshmirtz Evil News Update!♪ (they look, we see a Normbot reporting the news)
Normbot: This just in, our supreme leader has just announced the capture of public enemy number one, Perry the alternate-dimension platypus! (shows Perry's mugshot, an X goes through it) I guess we won't be seeing him any more, except as a platyborg. (the channel switches to a test pattern) It's 3:30, we now conclude our broadcast day.
Doofenshmirtz (2nd Dimension): (voice-over) Now go to bed!

Phineas: We've got to save him!
Candace-2: Oh no, too risky. You two have to get back to your dimension.
Phineas: We're not going anywhere without our platypus!
Buford-2: I thought you told us he was just using you as a cover?
Phineas: I know what I said. I was hurt. But even if it was all an act, he's still a part of the family, and we're not leaving him behind.
Baljeet-2: I may never be able to open this again.
Phineas: It doesn't matter. We're going back for him.
Candace-2: Well then, you're on your own.
Phineas: Fine. Just tell us where Doofenshmirtz keeps his prisoners.
Phineas-2: We have to help them!
Candace-2: Oh, no, we don't.
Phineas-2: Yes, we do. Remember how we felt when OUR Perry disappeared?
(2nd Dimension Candace looks at their sad faces)
Candace-2: Oh criminy, I must be crazy. Alright, we can get there through the tunnels.
Phineas-2: Yes!
Candace-2: Let's suit up, people!

(2nd Dimension Candace leaps up the cars and uses a Bo staff to hit a turnstile, the tracks move, and the go down another route, 2nd Dimension Candace sits near Candace)
Candace: So if there's another me, and another them, then there must also be another Jeremy Johnson here, right?
Candace-2: Huh? Oh yeah, Johnson Jeremy, leads a three-man strike team on the north side. Good soldier.
Candace: Good soldier? That's all you think of him? Don't you think he's dreamy, or cool, or even cute? Tell me at least you think he's cute!
Candace-2: Cute doesn't win the war, kid.
Candace: Oh... well, I guess, but what do you guys do around here for, you know, fun?
Candace-2: Look, Candace is it? No offense, but fun isn't really on my agenda. You know, since Doofenshmirtz took over the Tri-State Area, even though I was a little girl, I've been focused on one thing, and one thing only, he's going down, down, down...
Candace: Down, down, down, I know. But what about BFF's, or slumber parties, or busting your little brothers?
Candace-2: Busting my brothers? I've spent every day of my life trying to protect my little brothers. I had to grow up pretty quick around here to make sure they didn't have to.
Candace: Gee, you make growing up sound like it's a bad thing.
Candace-2: It is what it is. I'll do whatever I have to do to protect the ones I love.
(2nd Dimension Phineas and 2nd Dimension Ferb appear behind them)
Phineas-2: Aww, thanks, sis!
Candace-2: What are you guys doing here?
Phineas-2: We want to help.
Isabella-2: Sir, we're nearing the target.
Candace-2: Ugh! (to 2nd Dimension Phineas and 2nd Dimension Ferb) Don't move!
(she leaps into the forward car and uses her staff to jam the wheels just as they reach an entry way, they all get out)
Okay people, change of plans. This is as far as we go.
Phineas-2: We're not gonna help them?
Candace-2: No. We're gonna to get you two home where it's safe.
Phineas-2: But we want to--
Candace-2: Look, this isn't our fight, it's their fight. And you two shouldn't have gotten involved!
(she hits a button and a door opens)
Maybe none of us should have. Now, we're outta here.
(2nd Dimension Phineas and 2nd Dimension Ferb get into the cars and she pushes it back. 2nd Dimension Isabella and 2nd Dimension Buford follow the others into the doorway.)
Buford-2: I don't remember it being so dark down here.
Candace-2: Dark?

(The lights come on, revealing Normbots surrounding them)
Doofenshmirtz: That's because it's a trap!
(laughs as he comes out with 2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz, who is holding Perry by a collar chain)
And if it was light, you would've seen us and run away, hence ruining the trap!
Doofenshmirtz-2: I think they get that.
Phineas: Perry! We uh, well... well, we uh, came to rescue you! (pause) So far it's not going as well as we'd hoped. We didn't have a lot of time to, you know, plan something elaborate, but we could've, I don't know, created some sort of diversion, just in case... (sighs) Yeah, we could've thought this out more.
Doofenshmirtz-2: (laughs) I got you, and I got your little friends, too. Game over. You lose! I win! Mark this the hour of your doom, Perry the Platypus! (checks his watch) Three-forty...ugh, I got one of these watches with just the little hash marks. It doesn't even have numbers on it! Let's just say it's between 3:30 and 4:00, Eastern Standard Time.
(Perry's eyes widen in realization, he pushes a button on his watch, showing a hologram of Major Monogram showering. He yelps and covers himself. Both Doofenshmirtz's turn away in disgust, as do Platyborg and the Normbots. 2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz lets go of Perry's chain, and he runs, still having the hologram on.)
Major Monogram: (holograph) I told you, not between 3:30 and 4:00!
(Perry goes up to Phineas and Ferb, who also have their eyes closed and grabs them, pulling them away)
Doofenshmirtz-2: They're getting away!
(They run out the door as the Normbots chase them. 2nd Dimension Candace hits the button, shutting the door, and an alarm sound goes off.)
Candace-2: I knew this was a bad idea. Alright, everyone in the cars!
(they all hop in, and she pushes) Go, go, go, go, go! Isabella, start the motor!
Isabella-2: Yes, sir!
(she leaps to the front as the Normbots melt through the door)
I got it!
(she starts it as the bots chase them)
(Phineas and Ferb pull 2nd Dimension Candace in)
Candace-2: (to 2nd Dimension Phineas and 2nd Dimension Ferb) You two, keep your heads down and remember your training!
Phineas-2: But we never had any training!
Candace-2: Well, keep your heads down! (they duck) Consider yourselves trained.
(the Normbots approach) This is going to be close. (she picks up her staff and twirls it) All right, you rust buckets. Let's dance.
(she smashes away several as Phineas, Ferb, Perry and Candace watch)
Phineas: (to Candace) Um, can you do that?
Candace: Well... apparently...
(2nd Dimension Candace sinks her staff into the neck of one bot. She uses it to vault and hit another, then rips the head off the first bot. 2nd Dimension Buford stares wide eyed.)
Buford-2: I am so in love with her right now.
Isabella-2: What?
Buford-2: Nothin'!
Candace-2: If we can get to the north tunnel before they get to us, I can trip the security door. (Perry pulls his collar off his neck) Isabella, can you give us more throttle?
Isabella-2: It's all the way in, sir!
Candace-2: Alright, hang tough, this is going to get hairy. (She leaps away. Perry wields his collar and chain as a weapon, Phineas picks up a wrench and Ferb takes off his shoes and ties the laces together to make nun-chucks.)
(2nd Dimension Candace leaps to the front)
Isabella-2: Can we make those turns at this speed?
Candace-2: Well, we're about to find out! (she uses her staff to hit the turnstile, they swerve)
(Perry wraps his chain around one of the Normbots' arms and attaches the collar to a sign, causing the chain to rip the arm off. It lands in the car where 2nd Dimension Buford and Candace are, and its laser fires, setting fire to it; they back up.)
Buford-2: Whoa, whoa, whoa!
(Candace screams, they go through a tunnel and approach an entryway)
Candace-2: There it is. We should be okay if we can just hold off these...
(The bots are hit with lasers, she looks and sees Phineas, Ferb, and Perry using the robot arm as a laser cannon.)
Phineas-2: Can we do that?
Candace-2: No. Keep your head down.
(2nd Dimension Phineas ducks back down)
(Platyborg flies down; his hands turn to lasers and he fires, hitting two of the wheels. The car skids.)
Phineas: (drops the ammo) No, no, no...!
Isabella-2: We're slowing down, sir!
Candace-2: Keep it on the floor!
Isabella-2: It's on the floor! (looks) There's too much track, sir. I don't think we're gonna make it!
Candace-2: Everyone, to the front, now! We're going to have to cut loose these cars...
(Flames shoot up, blocking Candace, Perry, Phineas, and Ferb)
Isabella-2: The motor's overheating!
(2nd Dimension Candace looks at Phineas, Ferb, Candace, and Perry, then to 2nd Dimension Phineas and 2nd Dimension Ferb, she looks)
Candace-2: Sorry, guys. You're on your own.
(She hits the lock with her staff, causing the cars to dislodge. She opens the doorway as they go in and it seals up again.)
Phineas-2: What are you doing?!
Candace-2: My job. Protecting you two.
Phineas-2: We have to go back and help them!
Candace-2: That's not our fight.
Phineas-2: But you just abandoned them! We could've made it. We could've all made it!
Candace-2: Or we could've all been captured, and I wasn't gonna take that chance. These are the tough choices, people. Somebody's gotta be the adult here. You two are safe, and that's what important.
Phineas-2: But-but-but--!
Candace-2: End of discussion.
(2nd Dimension Phineas looks down sadly)
Buford-2: Man. I had my heart set on those nachos.

(2nd dimension, DEI. 2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz talks to Phineas and Ferb, who are held by Normbots.)
Doofenshmirtz-2: Now you have no choice but to fix my machine.
Phineas: No.
Doofenshmirtz-2: That's not one of your choices. Fix the machine!
Phineas: No.
Candace: Can, uh, can I say something? So I think I'm up to date on the whole Perry-agent thing. Strangely, that's the most normal thing that's happened this afternoon... But who exactly is this guy?
Doofenshmirtz-2: Fix it!
Phineas: No.
Doofenshmirtz-2: Look, I would make myself do it, but apparently, he's an idiot.
Doofenshmirtz: Hey!
Doofenshmirtz-2: FIX THE MACHINE!
Phineas: No!
Doofenshmirtz-2: Alright, then. You've forced my hand! (he pulls out a dog sock puppet)
(high pitched voice) Fix the machine!
Phineas: No!
Doofenshmirtz-2: Really? When I was your age, I did anything a puppet told me to do!
Phineas: How old do you think we are?
Doofenshmirtz-2: I don't know, one, two? It's hard to tell with the one eye. Anyway, I don't know why you're being so uncooperative. All I'm asking you to do is make my machine work so I can invade and conquer your world and enslave your loved ones.
Phineas: See, that's just it. Why would we do something that would lead to our own self-destruction?
(Doofenshmirtz hears this, his eyes widen in realization)
Doofenshmirtz: Self-destruction? Self-destruct... Wait, wait! That's it! I remember now! They took out my self-destruct button! (he pulls it out) I don't know why I put it back in, but here, I'll just rewire this, like so, and there! (he clips in a wire and turns it on, it forms a portal) It's working! It's working! It is functioning properly!
Doofenshmirtz-2: (smirks at Phineas) Well well, look who just became redundant! Send them to their doom! (Platyborg points to Candace) Yes, her too. (He points to Perry) Yes yes, everyone. Doom, doom, doom, and...
Both Doofenshmirtz's: Doom!
Doofenshmirtz: Jinx! You owe me THREE sodas!
Doofenshmirtz-2: Okay, doom for him, too.
Doofenshmirtz: What? But, but I'm you!
Doofenshmirtz-2: (sticks out the puppet) Doom!
Doofenshmirtz: Wow, if I had a nickel for every time I was doomed by a puppet, I'd have two nickels, which isn't a lot, but it's weird that it happened twice, right?

(We then cut to the same lava pit we started the movie off in. Phineas, Perry, Candace, Ferb, and Doofenshmirtz are chained and led by Normbots. 2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz appears on screen.)
Doofenshmirtz-2: Welcome, doomed guests. Come on. Keep trudging. Doom is that away!
(they approach a large covered item)
Candace: I would say so far, adulthood gets a three.
Doofenshmirtz: You know, this may be as good as it gets. (they walk onto a rocky area)
Doofenshmirtz-2: And now for my all-time favorite game...
(the tarp is pulled off the item, revealing a cage holding the Goozim; it roars)
Poke the Goozim with a stick! Surrounded by lava. (the pathway retracts) My second favorite game is backgammon. Love it!
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, wait, hold the phone. I can be useful. What if you need a kidney? Or a stand-in for boring functions you have to attend, or another kidney?
Doofenshmirtz-2: Doom!
Doofenshmirtz: Aw, pooh.
(Several Normbots poke the Goozim with spears. It roars, blowing their hair back. Another bot turns a crank, opening the cage.)
Doofenshmirtz-2: Cranky, cranky, cranky. Oh, I love the crank!
(It roars again)
Phineas: I'll be honest, Ferb. I'm having a hard time putting a positive spin on this. Blah blah blah, two-car garage, etcetera, etcetera.
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, well, welcome to MY life! (The Goozim roars. He hides behind a Normbot.)
Ferb: Whoa. Déjà vu-ish.
(Perry bites at his cuffs. A Normbot passes by.)
Phineas: Perry, check out that guard! (we see a ring of keys on a hook on his back) Keys!
(Perry looks down at the keyhole on his collar and moves his cuff to reveal the watch. He activates the electro-magnet and fires, pulling the keys to them.)
Phineas: Cool! (see the Normbot is also being pulled to them) Ah! Look out!
(It hits into them, and flies erratically. Ferb climbs on its back and opens a panel, which hits Doofenshmirtz on the head.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ow! Is this the plan? (they fly into the air and over the lava, he screams) Tell me this isn't the plan!
(Ferb works with the Normbot's wiring)
Normbot: You are tampering with the property of... (he sparks and turns to the Norm head) Let's make omelets!
(It flies and hits into two Normbots. The Goozim grabs them and shreds them. Doofenshmirtz screams as they fly; he hits the head of the Normbot turning the crank, knocking it off.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ow! Can you get a little more lift on this thing? I think I just bruised a kidney.
Normbot: My bicycle is missing!
(The Normbots smash into each other, destroying them. They fall onto the top of the cage, the Goozim looks up. The headless Normbot holding the crank collapses, the crank spins and shuts the cage.)
All: Yay! (the door then breaks off and falls down) Awww...
(The Goozim wedges itself out of the cage. It grabs the door in its teeth and throws it.)
Doofenshmirtz-2: Yes! Go, Goozim!
(A Normbot comes in wearing an apron and oven mitts, he holds a muffin on a tray)
Normbot: It's muffin time, sir.
Doofenshmirtz-2: Already?

(It turns, Perry looks wide eyed and frantically tries to unlock his chains. The Goozim roars, they scream and tumble together. The keys drop, landing on the bottom of the cage. Perry looks, he then looks up and points to the edge of the cage. He begins to climb down it.)
Phineas: Okay. I see where you're going with this. (They all climb)
Candace: I officially prefer our dimension.
(Perry reaches the bottom and moves to the keys, the others following)
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, this may not be the best time to tell you, but I actually flunked jungle gym in grade school. I just couldn't get the hang of all that climbing and...
(The Goozim roars and swipes. He yells and falls, taking the others with him. Perry grabs the bar, the keys shake and fall, but Candace accidentally catches them. Perry holds on. Doofenshmirtz sees the keys.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh great, you caught it! Unlock me!
Candace: Are you even paying attention?
(Doofenshmirtz looks down, seeing he is hanging directly over the lava)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, that's right. Uh, it can wait. Later.
(Perry struggles to hang on, the Goozim roars. 2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz, eating some muffins, turns back and sees, he spits.)
Doofenshmirtz-2: More guards!
(The Normbot comes back with a tray full of muffins)
Normbot: It's muffin time, sir!
Doofenshmirtz-2: You're broken! (hits him with a muffin)
(More Normbots swarm out, the Goozim roars and swipes. Phineas gulps, he hears a rumbling noise, he looks and sees one of the large lawn gnomes move.)
(It hits the screen, causing cracks, we see 2nd Dimension Candace is behind it, pushing with her feet. The gnome tips over and she rides it, she unhooks two devices from her belt. One fires a grappler, which ties onto a bar on the ceiling, the other she places on the back of the gnome. It shoots a grapple which shoots and hooks onto the front of the gnome, she hooks the two together and the gnome swings, smashing into the Normbots.)
Phineas: Yay, other dimension Candace!
Candace-2: Phineas! Catch!
(She pulls out the remote and throws it. He catches it, he sees and gasps.)
Phineas: The remote!
(More bots swarm in; he looks down at the lava, his eyes widen, then looks up)
Perry! Let go!
(Perry looks surprised)
Candace: What?! No, no! Don't let go!
Phineas: Perry! Trust me!
Candace: Two words: La-va! (Perry struggles)
Phineas: Trust me!
(Perry looks, he lets go and they fall. The Normbots crash into each other, the Goozim roars and dives after them. Phineas aims the remote and opens a portal in the lava. They fall in and the Goozim squeezes in after them.)
(They land in the pinkish jungle of the other dimension and bounce around on the plants. They land on the ground and the Goozim lands, now compressed into a circular shape. He growls, but then sees his body, he whimpers and slinks off. Candace smirks and holds up the keys.)

(Back in the 2nd dimension)
Doofenshmirtz-2: They opened another portal! Go after them!
(Normbots fly down, Candace-2 yells as she swings by on the gnome)
And her, that banshee screaming girl. Get her too! (bots fly after her)

(In the other dimension, the others are unlocked. Perry unlocks Doofenshmirtz.)
Doofenshmirtz: Thanks, Perry the Platypus.
(Lasers fire, they look; Normbots pour through the portal.)
Normbot: Stop where you are. You cannot leave.
2nd Normbot: (Norm head) I use aggression to mask my insecurities! (he turns to the armored head and fires, Phineas dodges)
Phineas: The portal! (he shuts it, the other bots hit the lava and melt)
Normbot: (melting) (falling into lava) Boy, I could go for a (slightly muffled voice) lemonade!
(two Normbots hold a struggling 2nd Dimension Candace)
Normbot: The portal closed, sir.
Doofenshmirtz-2: Oh pooh. Oh, well. Time to start the invasion! (he goes, the bots follow) And somebody get me a muffin!
(the muffin Normbot follows, now carrying two trays filled with muffins)
Normbot: But it's not muffin time, sir!

(DEI, the roof opens; 2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz laughs evilly)

Doofenshmirtz-2: I spy with my one little eye, a new Tri-State Area that's one dictator short of a dictatorship. (he pushes a button and the Other-Dimensionator rises on a platform) Well, that's all about to change. Pretty soon I'll be ruling over two Tri-State Area's, a virtual Six-State Area!
(He hits a button with a Normbot picture on it, 2nd dimension, the Normbots fly to the Other Dimensionator portal)
Fly! Fly, my Normbots! We've got some oppressing to do! (he laughs as they emerge)

(DEI: Doofenshmirtz runs to the front door. He pats himself down and then pulls on the door. It's locked, he pushes a button on the intercom.)
Mrs. Thompson: Hello?
Doofenshmirtz: Hello, Mrs. Thompson. It's me, Heinz. I think I left my keys in the other dimension. Can you buzz me in?
Mrs. Thompson: Who is this?
Doofenshmirtz: Heinz Doofenshmirtz, your neighbor, for like 12 years.
Mrs. Thompson: Who?
Doofenshmirtz: I live in the penthouse. I wear lab coats a lot. Speak with the accent I am currently speaking to you with.
Mrs. Thompson: Just like my neighbor upstairs.
Doofenshmirtz: Yes, exactly!
Mrs. Thompson: Oh, he's not home. You'll have to come back later.
Doofenshmirtz: No no, wait... (she hangs up) Aww!

(The Normbots fly through the city. One fires a laser, blasting off the Tri-State Area flag on top of City Hall. It is replaced with one with 2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz's face. The citizens watch in fear.)
Normbots: You have a new leader. Put on your Dooferalls.
(A Normbot measures a man)
Normbot: 36 inch waist.
Man #4: No way! I'm a 34!

(2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz laughs as the bots march. Pinky secretly watches from a hole in a fence as a squad of Normbots come by. He uses his collar tag to reflect the sun, sending a signal to Peter the Panda, who is up in a building with several other OWCA agents. He motions, they push a dumpster. It falls and land on a makeshift catapult. Sending a load of tires onto the bots, Peter and the other agents leap down, and Pinky and a mouse and frog agent run out, they attack the bots.)
(Agent T (Turtle), a raccoon agent, and a cat agent trap a bot in a tire and roll him into a wall. They smile, but then another bot throws a tire at them. The bot they threw flexes, snapping the tire, and the other agents are quickly beaten and thrown into a pile. The Normbots encircle them, when suddenly, Perry leaps down in front of them and assumes a martial arts pose.)
(A bot tries to hit him, he dodge. Perry leaps on another Normbot, then leaps away as it is hit instead of him. He leaps onto another Normbot, one of the other bots aims its laser. Perry leaps away as the laser is fired, melting the head off the other bot. Perry does the same thing to several other Normbots, until one grabs him from behind and slams him against a wall. It is about to punch him, when one of the radio controlled baseballs hits it in the face. The bot looks and it keeps hitting it, smashing its face in, it drops and Perry is freed.)
(The ball flies back to Phineas, who is wielding the launcher atop Rover. Perry salutes him, Phineas salutes back; Rover then bounds down the street. We hear a mooing and see Ferb wearing a cowboy hat, leading a stampede of the Robot Bulls. Rover and the bulls tear through the Normbots as the agents cheer. Perry leaps up on top of Rover and he and Phineas hug.)

(Ferb gives a thumbs up, Phineas takes Perry's hand and they zip up to the roof. They see Doofenshmirtz-2 manning the controls, and hides behind a pillar. Love Händel continues playing on Rover as Candace and Stacy emerge out of the wrecked treehouse robots and high five, a couple Normbots fire and they dodge.)

(Phineas looks at 2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz. He motions to Perry, they nod and try to sneak over, but Platyborg lands in front of them, he grabs and throws them, they land and Phineas' baseball launcher slides away. Perry motions to the Other Dimensionator and hands Phineas his grappler, Phineas runs off as Platyborg lands, he and Perry grapple)
(Phineas fires a grapple hook up to the platform and rises up. 2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz hears and looks.)

Doofenshmirtz-2: What? Oh!
(He throws a razor disc, which cuts the cord. Phineas falls, but lands on the couch from before. Doofenshmirtz-2 charges at him.)
I've had just about enough of you, you...
(Phineas hits him with the cushion Perry peed on) Ugh, what is on this? Ugh! (He takes it off and throws it at Phineas, who ducks)

(DEI: Doofenshmirtz is still at the front door, talking to Mrs. Thompson on the intercom)
Doofenshmirtz: No, it's Heinz Doofenshmirtz. You borrowed sugar from me this morning!
Mrs. Thompson: I don't have any sugar. I had to borrow some from my neighbor this morning.
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, that's me. That's...
Mrs. Thompson: Oh, he's a nice man, but I hear he's divorced.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, THAT she remembers.

(Back in the streets, Ferb charges at another bot. Isabella runs up, manning a baseball launcher.)
Isabella: Ferb, we'll handle things down here! (she fires, hitting a bot) Go help Phineas!
(Ferb leaps off the bull and runs into a hardware store. He grabs two plungers, then runs to the Danville Impound Lot, where the Platypult is. He slides across it, activating the tail as he slides onto it. It launches him into the air and he uses the plungers to stick to the side of the Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc. building, and he starts climbing.)

(On the roof, Phineas picks up some plates from the buffet table and chucks them at 2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz, who dodges and uses cushions to block. Phineas then hits him with a bowl filled with pasta. Doofenshmirtz picks up a lamp and tries to hit him with it. He dodges and backs up to the Normbot controller. Doofenshmirtz-2 swings and Phineas leaps away, causing him to hit the panel, making the Normbots shudder and spark. Phineas hides and looks as 2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz fiddles with the controller.)
Doofenshmirtz-2: Oh come on, you stupid thing, work! (the Normbots go back to normal and continue)
Phineas: Oh, so that dish must be what's controlling the robots! Maybe I don't need to close the portal if I can just take out that... (he sees the baseball launcher) Oh, yeah!
(He runs to it, but 2nd Dimension Doofnenshmirtz grabs it)
Doofenshmirtz-2: Oh, no, you don't! Ha ha! Now the baseball is on the other foot! Or however that saying goes. I'm not really sure... (sees Phineas backing up) Hey, hey! Where are you going? (he aims at Phineas, and backs him into a wall) You know, all that's going to happen from you guys coming up here is that I'm going to have a brand new Platyborg! And maybe even a Boyborg too, huh? Try saying that five times fast: boyborg, boyborg, boyborg, boyborg, boyborg, boyborg... eh, I guess its not that hard. Never mind.

(Platyborg punches at Perry, who dodges. He head-butts Platyborg, who dives at him. He uses his feet to kick him away. Platyborg leaps back in front of him and tries to hit Perry with the spike on the end of his tail. Perry dodges and takes off the pads and helmet. He uses it as a weapon to knock Platyborg into the buffet table, where his spike is impaled on a turkey.)
(Platyborg at first, tries to get up, but the turkey weighs him down. He then manages to get up, but the turkey is still stuck on the end of his tail. He tries to reach it, but can't. Perry smiles, amused, as Platyborg keeps trying to reach it. He sees and punches Perry in the face. He falls to the ground, they grapple. Platyborg tries to hit him, but Perry dodges, and he tickles Platyborg's neck, causing his tail to snap forward, planting the turkey over his head. He stumbles blindly and Perry kicks him, sending him back into a fuse box, which his spike pierces, electrocuting him.)
(He jolts and grabs two corn on the cob. The electricity burns the turkey and causes the corn to pop. Perry puts his hat back on and catches a kernel in his mouth. Doofenshmirtz-2 aims at Phineas.)

Doofenshmirtz-2: You know something, kid? You've been a thorn in my side all day long.
(Perry looks and sees a bat on the ground, he whistles; Phineas looks) But that's about to change...
(Perry throws the bat)
(Slow-Mo) right... now!
(He fires, Phineas grabs the bat and hits the ball away. It heads for the robot control dish.)
Doofenshmirtz -2: (slow-mo) NOOOOOOO!!!
(It hits, shattering it, Doofenshmirtz-2 cries as the bots shut down and fall out of the sky)
Doofenshmirtz-2: (regular) Augh! My babies! No, what have you done?!

(Ferb arrives at the top)
Phineas: Ferb, bro! I just hit the best home run ever!
(Ferb gives a thumbs up, just then, the ground shakes and a chamber opens. Out of it rises a huge robot made to look like 2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz. The head looks down at them.)
Doofenshmirtz-2: Now, tremble before me! (laughs) No, I'm down here.
(its arm moves, showing him in a cockpit built into the arm)
See? One last trick up my sleeve. It's me! I'm the trick up my...own sleeves. Cause look, I-I'm in the sleeve, get it? (they look) Ugh, pearls before swine.
(he pulls a lever, the bot aims back a punch) Hope you got your 3-D glasses, cause I'm comin' at ya!
(The arm extends and lets fly with a punch. He laughs and whoops. Phineas, Ferb, and Perry hold each other and brace for impact, when suddenly...)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey!
(The arm stops)
Doofenshmirtz-2: What? I'm kind of in the middle of something here! (we see the arm is less than an inch away from impact)
Doofenshmirtz: I got a little something just for you...
(He reaches into his lab coat. 2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz raises the arm to look. Doofenshmirtz pulls out the Choo-Choo the toy train.)
Here!
Doofenshmirtz-2: Choo-Choo!
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, it's mine. See, I told you I never lost it. It was in a box in my pantry labeled "VHS Tapes". Go figure. Anyway, you can have it.
(2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz lowers the arm and leaps out)
Doofenshmirtz-2: I can't believe it! Choo-Choo, it is you! (he takes it and hugs it close) Oh, heart melting, backstory resolving, evilness diminishing.
Doofenshmirtz: Eh, it's the least I can do.
Doofenshmirtz-2: You know, I don't even know what I was thinking with the whole "evil robots" thing. Actually, when I look around, I-I'm really embarrassed. Here, let me clean this up.
(he pulls out a remote labeled SELF DESTRUCT) Look. "Self Destruct" button.
Doofenshmirtz: Aw, you.
Doofenshmirtz-2: Yeah. Here we go.
(He pushes the button, all the Normbots explode and vanish into thin air. In a kid's room, he plays with a toy robot, when it explodes as well.)

(Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc. rooftop. A portal is opened back to the 2nd dimension.)
Doofenshmirtz-2: Yeah, you know, we're totally cool now, I'm just going to go back to my home and live out the rest of my days with my Choo-Choo. Okay then, ciao!
(he steps through the portal) Ah, home, it's good to be... (the 2nd Dimension Fireside Girls (also known as the Firestorm Girls) march up) Uh-oh.
(2nd Dimension Major Monogram walks up)
Major Monogram-2: Book him, ladies.
Doofenshmirtz-2: You know, my crimes against humanity had just completely slipped my mind.
(they grab and drag him away)

(Candace runs up to Phineas and Ferb as the 2nd Dimension gang come out of the portal)
Candace: Hey, did you guys just see that? I saved Danville!
Candace-2: Good job, soldier.
Candace: So, what will you do now?
Candace-2: Wow, I haven't thought of anything but busting Doofenshmirtz for years. I don't know.
Candace: Well, I know what interests I'd pursue. (she points to 2nd Dimension Jeremy as he comes out of the portal)
Jeremy-2: Hey, here you all are.
Candace-2: I'll take that under consideration. And what about you, Candace?
Candace: You know, after all of this, I'm gonna to give myself a little more time to be young. It's not such a bad place to be.
Candace-2: You know what? Me too. (they hug)
Phineas-2: Hey, I just wanted to say thanks for telling us all about summer. You know, opening our horizons, and teaching Ferb classical guitar.
(2nd Dimension Ferb strums a few chords)
(Platyborg then rises out of the mass of popcorn and throws off the turkey)
Phineas: Uh-oh.
(They look, he then reverts to pet mode and does a metallic sounding chatter)
Phineas-2: Hey, it's our Perry! Perry! (they go over to him) Looks like the evil was fried right out of him.
Phineas: Sorry he's mostly made of metal now.
Phineas-2: Are you kidding? That makes him extra cool! Thanks so much guys. (they head back to the portal)
Phineas: I'm glad we could help.
(Perry and Platyborg look at each other. Perry salutes and Platyborg smiles and salutes back. He enters the portal, it closes up.)

Phineas: Man, this was the greatest day ever. Imagine how much fun we can have together now that we know you're a secret agent!
(Major Monogram and Carl walk up)
Major Monogram: Yes yes, the next 15 minutes should be a real hoot. Then, of course, Agent P will be sent away forever.
Phineas: What?
Major Monogram: You didn't know? Didn't he give you a pamphlet?
Phineas: We threw it away.
Major Monogram: Does anyone read those things?
Carl: I tried to warn you, sir.
Major Monogram: Kids, I'm sorry, but now that Agent P's cover has been blown, you won't be allowed to see him anymore.
Phineas: That's why you didn't want us to know your secret. (Perry nods) So we'll never see Perry again? There has to be another way!
Major Monogram: Sorry, Phineas. It isn't safe, you know too much.
Phineas: Now I never wished so much that I could un-know something.
Carl: Sir, maybe there is a way. What about Dr. Doofenshmirtz's Amnesia-inator?
Doofenshmirtz: I never built an Amnesia-inator. I think I'd remember building something like that.
Major Monogram: Well, that might work, but you'd all have to agree.
Phineas: So our choice is to: either forget the best day ever, forget the greatest adventure we've ever had, and forget meeting Agent P, or remember today, but never see Perry again?
(Long pause, everyone looks at Perry)
Ferb: Well, we've had a lot of great days, but we only have one Perry.
Phineas: Agreed.
All: Yeah.

Ferb: ♪Kick it up a notch♪
Dr. Doofenshmirtz (2nd Dimension): ♪Yeah, crankin' up the evil!♪
Ferb: ♪Kick it up a notch♪
Dr. Doofenshmirtz (2nd Dimension): ♪I'll cause political upheaval!♪
Ferb: ♪Kick it up a notch♪
Dr. Doofenshmirtz (2nd Dimension): ♪Yeah, I'm gonna get medieval on you!♪

Doofelations Season 3:131 | Tour de Ferb

(In Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: Morning, Agent P. We've been monitoring Doofenshmirtz's Internet traffic and we think it's... (A pop-up ad blocks him) What in blazes? A pop-up ad? Can you still see me, Agent P? (Another pop-up ad blocks him) What, another? Agent P? Over here! (More pop-up ads block the screen) Oh, this is getting ridiculous! I give 
up! You know the drill. Monogram out.
(Perry salutes, then leaves)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(Perry breaks a door down with his scooter, skids to a stop, and then accidentally pushes a button via kickstand)
(Beep)
(Perry gives a surprised look, then glances up just as a bunch of computer cables and monitors, coming from a black tube, falls on top of him)
Doofenshmirtz: (Cackles) Welcome, Perry the Platypus. I knew you would fall for the old kickstand trap. (Scratches an ear) Of course, I didn't know exactly where you've parked, so I... (Camera pans back showing that he had installed more than one button) really got to watch my step around here. But as you see, you're trapped... in a pile of old computer cables.
(Camera pans to a glaring Perry)
Doofenshmirtz: I've started throwing them in a drawer years ago, and I'm... I'm sure there's probably one wire you can pull like a... (Camera pans back to Perry) like a lube-bearing wire that would just make the whole thing unravel. But how you find it? (Camera switches back to him) I'd figured it would be easier to use it as a trap, so I did. See? Recycling.
(Camera once again switches to Perry, who's now trying to escape from the computer cables)

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: So, Perry the Platypus. Let me tell you my latest scheme. The other day, I was browsing the Internet when...

(Flashback #1)
Doofenshmirtz: (Narrating) I came to an online auction for a Super Multi-inator. I wasn't even sure what it did, but you know Zupermuhltienator was my grandmother's maiden name. It was a sign. I had to have it, but then something terrible happened. A pop-up ad kept me from hitting the "Bid now" button. It really hit me where I lived too. You see, I always hated advertising ever since the early '80s when I did a little product modeling to finance my first -Inator.
(Flashback #2)
Photographer: That's it. Hold the wombat a little closer to your face.
(Wombat growls)
Photographer: Closer. A little closer.
(Flashback #2 ends)
Doofenshmirtz: (Narrating) I don't want to talk about it. But then I realized I could use pop-up ads to serve all of my evil ends.
(Flashback #1 ends)

Doofenshmirtz: So I come up with a whole slew of products and services I that could advertise and my Pop-up-inator would (Snaps fingers) put thousands of pop-up ads virtually everywhere! I'll make millions!
(Perry once again tries to release himself from the computer cables)

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
(The Pop-up-inator fires a green beam in two different directions)
Doofenshmirtz: The best part is that pop-up ads would never go away. There's a little button that says "Click here to close", (Camera pans to Perry) but guess what? It just opens another pop-up ad! (Camera switches to him) (Laughs) Pop-up ad. Best idea ever.
(Perry activates a pair of high-tech goggles from his fedora then looks around.)
Female voice: Analyzing pile. .... Locating load-bearing wire.
(The high-tech goggles gets de-activated. Perry then grabs the aforesaid wire, which enables him to finally escape the trap.)
Doofenshmirtz: What? .... Perry the Platypus! How did you get out? .... Aaah! .... Ow! Hey! Not fair! .... Oof! ... Alright, no more Mr. Nice Guy! .... Come back here, you little... (Accidentally presses one of the buttons; wires fall on him; he brushes them off) See? I told you I got to watch my step in here. (Pushes another button; gets trapped by wires; more falls on his head to create a turban; even more completely covers him) I know what you're thinking, but this is neither ironic nor funny. (Pauses) Are you... Are you still there?

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshimrtz: (while Perry's pushing the Pop-up-Inator towards the balcony) Perry the Platypus, wire you're doing this to me? Get it? Wire? Because, I mean wire. Ah, come on. Now; I know I'm defeated, but at least I got a good joke out of it. Show me some love. (pauses) Nothing? Really?
(Perry tosses the Pop-Up-Inator off the balcony)
Doofenshmirtz: Just going to leave me hanging here?
(The Pop-up-Inator falls to the ground; CRASH!)

Doofelations Season 3:132 | Skiddley Whiffers

(Cut to the music room. Perry walks up to a guitar, puts on his fedora and plays his theme song. The stereo tilts revealing a hole, and Perry jumps into it. He lands in his lair, in which a party is being held. Carl blows a party blower.)
Major Monogram: Happy nine hundredth and ninety ninth lair entrance, Agent P! To commemorate this joyous occasion, we like to present you with this souvenir T-shirt.
(a t-shirt with Carl's face on it appears)
Carl: I made it myself! (gasp) I'm gonna go print up some more! Yay! Hmhm! (leaves)
Major Monogram: Just wear it for the day, it's good for his self-esteem. (reveals he is also wearing the shirt) Uh, Doofenshmirtz has been spotted en route to Danville National Park. So, I guess for you it'll be a walk in the park. Haha, 'cause you're going to the park. Where Doof is.
(long pause)

♪ Doofenshmirtz's minibus camping van! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Alright everyone, we're here. Let's unpack so we can get a head start.
Vanessa: "We"? Shouldn't you be off playing with your little platypus friend?
Doofenshmirtz: What? And -- and leave my little girl all alone in the wilderness? No way!
Vanessa: Dad, I'm not your little girl anymore. Look at me, I'm sixteen years old! Sixteen!
(Doofenshmirtz stares at her, switch to his perspective of her as a little girl.)
Young Vanessa: That's practically an adult! But, you still treat me like I'm a little kid!
(Switch back to reality.)
Vanessa: (sigh) I just need some space, that's all. Ar -- are you even listening to me?!
Doofenshmirtz: But Vanessa, what if there were a blizzard or an earthquake and -- and be with no one to take care of, not even kindly ocelots, like I had.
Vanessa: Dad!?!
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, I - I could be at that campsite right over --
Vanessa: Go home!
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, pumpkin. Stay safe. But what if --
Vanessa: GO!
(Doofenshmirtz boards the minibus and drives away)

(In the forest...)
(Song: "Poison Sumac")
Johnny: ♪ Nature is our mother! Yeah, the trees are great! ♪
(Doofenshmirtz walks by, dressed as some sort of hippie tour guide.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, groovy dudes and dudettes. How's it hangin'? Wanna try my seven-layer bars? Man?
Johnny: Uh...
Vanessa: Uh, hey there, strange man I've never met. What brings you to our campsite? And how soon can you leave?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, I was just passin' by, you know, communing with nature and all, like, you know us, us hippies do it, a-and I thought, you dudes might wanna few groovy pointers from an old pro.
Vanessa: Actually, we're doing just fine.
(Doofenshmirtz dumps a pail of water over the fire, extinguishing it.)
All but Vanessa: Hey!/Man!
Doofenshmirtz: You know, fire is the leading cause of fire. Oh, woah. Is that a Puttmaster 3000? (runs up to Lacie's tent) I love these babies, they're—they're so far out. They almost never collapse and...suffocate you while you sleep. But you know, (pulls out a book) Tri-State Almanac says, they should be at least twenty feet from running water, (measures the distance of Lacie's tent and the water) and yours is an inch too close, maaaan.
Lacie: Seriously?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, and-and you need to tie up your food or you're gonna attract bears, (puts all the food in a bag and throws it on a rope onto a tree branch, making the picnic table hang) which would make it extremely difficult to, hang loose and, be groovy. I've got lots of other righteous camping tips, but first, I need to get some life vests out of my van.
Johnny: Woah, that guy was totally freakstyle.
Vanessa: You have no idea.

(Back in the forest, Doofenshmirtz goes to the van and opens the trunk.)
Doofenshmirtz: Let's see, bandages, bug spray, shoulder pads, (Perry arrives via helicopter) and—oh, hey man, nice threads. Sorry, no scheme today, I'm just secretly overprotecting my daughter while she's camping with some friends. It's dangerous out here, Perry the Platypus, and I should know. (He begins a flashback) You see, back in Gimmelshtump in my youth... When I was camping, I had an incident with a swarm of bees. I only got one sting, but it did a lot of damage. (Doofenshmirtz is seen falling off a cliff, through thorn bushes, and a fire hydrant field.) I still have a hydrant stuck in my leg, see? I'd have it removed, but the doctors say it's too close to an artery to operate. (Perry stares at Doofenshmirtz) That kind of thing happens all the time in the woods! Alright, maybe I'm over reacting. Actually, it's really just a beautiful pastoral setting. There's probably nothing to--
(Candace smashes Doofenshmirtz's van as she continues her turn.)
Candace: Whoo-Hoo! Sorry dude!
Doofenshmirtz: Huh? You see? You see how dangerous it is out here? You've got to help me over protect my daughter. Please? Please? Please? Oh great! I know just what you can do!

Johnny: ♪ Poison sumac! Oi! Oi! Oi! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Hey brothers and sisters, I'm back with this industrial size first aid kit, and this state of the art security system. Not to mention-- (he gasps and grabs a fork from the unammed goth boy) Too sharp! (He dulls it down, then returns it to him) Righteous. (shoos a bird away from Lacie and puts a quarantine box on her hand instead) Quarantine! (puts helmets on Johnny and Vanessa) Acorn helmets. Better safe than sorry!
Johnny: Uh, he's a little excitable, isn't he?
Vanessa: (takes off helmet) Yes. Yes, he is.

[Doofenshmirtz straps do not cross tape all over the trees and wraps a plastic bubble wrap around a tree that woodpecker is pecking on.]
Doofenshmirtz: You have to leave! It's not safe here for little kids, I mean for practically adults. Flee! Back to the city, away from danger!
Vanessa: Like what?
Doofenshmirtz: Like that!
(Perry comes out of the bushes dressed in a bear suit, and he chatters.)
Doofenshmirtz: See?
Vanessa: All right, that's enough! Really Perry? Really?! I expect more from you. And you, Dad!
Doofenshmirtz: But how did you...
Vanessa: Oh please, you come out here jumping around with your costume, and your lame book, and it's... it's just humiliating, Dad. I'm not a little girl anymore.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, you're my little girl
Vanessa: I know, I know, but all I want to do is have a good time with my friends, and you just keep popping up. It's like you don't trust me.
Doofenshmirtz: (He sighs) You're right. I'm sorry I got in your way. I know you can handle yourself, Vanessa. (He walks away sadly with Perry) C'mon Perry the Platypus. Maybe there's still time for a scheme today. I won't even trap you. You can just start beating me up right away.
Johnny: Wait! I thought your dad was a pharmacist.

Doofenshmirtz: (sighs) She's right, Perry the Platypus, I've been smothering her. You know, it's just so hard to let go, as a parent. But I'm going to turn over new leaf though, I can tell you that. No more worrying, no more disguises, (takes off hippie costume) no more rules! (tosses Tri-State Almanac over shoulder)
(The Tri-State Almanac hits a beehive, causing it to fall and release the bees.)

(Back in the forest...)
Doofenshmirtz: (sighs) You know, I tried to be a good parent, but sometimes it's -- (Vanessa screams in the distance.) VANESSA!
(Vanessa and the goth back away from the bees.)
Vanessa: Anybody else allergic to bees?
Lacie: Me.
Unnamed goth boy: I am.
Johnny: All of us? What are the odds?
(Doofenshmirtz gets in front of them.)
Doofenshmirtz: YOU LEAVE MY BABY GIRL ALONE!
Vanessa: Dad?! What are you doing here? It's dangerous!
Dr. Doofenshmirtz: (sarcastically) Really? I hadn't noticed! (to the bees) Alright, bees. You like honey, don't ya? (pours honey from the hive all over him) Come and get it! Come on! (runs off)
Vanessa: Dad!
Doofenshmirtz: Excuse me, Perry the Platypus! (jumps into the lake)
Johnny: Wow. Your dad is totally psychotic.
Vanessa: Yes. Yes, he is.

(Scene shifts to the forest late that night, Doofenshmirtz is roasting marshmallows with Vanessa; he is covered in bee stings.)
Doofenshmirtz: Thanks for pulling me out of the water, Perry the Platypus. But...this shirt's a little snug, are you sure you don't anything bigger? (pause) Nothing? Hm? (another pause) Be careful with those marshmallows though, seriously. (to Vanessa) D-do you know how many s'more related accidents happen each year in this country alone? Do you? (The pieces jump on the mountains in the distance while the Quirky Worky Song version of the Skiddely Whiffers theme is heard.) Uh, I -- don't, but admit it's a lot.
Vanessa: (somewhat unthrilled) Dad...

Doofelations Season 3:133 | My Fair Goalie

(Scene switches to Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: (Coughs) I apologize, Agent P. I'm a little under the weather today. First, I was convinced that Carl got me sick, you know, that knee-jerk blame Carl thing but then, then we received this, this morning.
Doofenshmirtz: (On speaker) (Coughs) Uh...hello, Major Monogram, this is Heinz, it's 7:45 on Tuesday, I'm really sick. So, I won't be doing evil today. Anyway... (Coughs)
Major Monogram: Can you believe this? He had the nerve to call in SICK? I'm here, Carl's here. Don't you think I'd rather be at home, watching Ducky Momo? Agent P, you've got to get in there and, (Coughs) I don't know, get him better. Stop him from stopping the things from which, (Snorts) you have to stop him...for...
(Carl faints)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: (Coughs) Perry the Platypus, what-what are you doing here? Did you get my me—Oh, is that chicken soup? (Perry gives him a look) What?
(Perry points at the If-a-Tree-Fell-In-The-Forest-Inator)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, that? Yeah I was planing to do evil today but look at me. I just don't think it's gonna happen.
(Doofenshmirtz holds up the thermometer that was in his mouth)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh man, 103? Seriously, if I was a hot tub people would be getting out of me. They'd be all like "Wow, Heinz Doofenshmirtz is way too hot. We should get out of him." Anyway, since you're here, I taped my rehearsal. I'll just play it for you. It'll be just as good. I shot this yesterday when I was feeling considerably better then.
Doofenshmirtz on TV: La, la, la, la, la. Topeka, Kansas. Topeka, Kansas. Okay. So, Perry the Platypus, I bet you're wondering why I trapped you in this soundproof capsule? Wait, (Ugh) If it's soundproof he won't be able to hear me... Oh.
(Doofenshmirtz pushes a button turning it into static. The screen goes back in a split second.) For generations philosophers have asked, "If a tree falls in the forest, and no one is around to hear it, does it make a sound?" The answer, by the way obviously is "Of course it does." I mean, duh! Right? Philosophers. Get a job thinky-boy! Now see, the question they should be asking is, "What sound does the falling tree make?" Behold! The If-a-Tree-Fell-In-The-Forest-Inator! Dun dun dun! One blast from this puppy will knock over a tree or anything else for that matter-and the sound it will make is: (Whisper) Doofenshmirtz... (Normal) I, will have eternal fame as the answer to that one philosophical question! I'm also working on a Sound-of-One-Hand-Clapping-Inator. Doo-Fen-Shmirtz. I'll CORNER the markets! And speaking of markets, I'm out of vitamins. I should really get some before they close... Eh. So I skipped my Vitamin C for a day. What's the worst thing that could happen?
Doofenshmirtz: Not one word, Perry the Platypus. You have to at least give me a chance to do my thing, okay? Good. Okay, here we go. Where is it? Here we go. (Deploys the trap on the other side of the room, nowhere near Perry) There. I trapped you.
(Perry just stares at him)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, so what's next? I...activate my -inator, okay. Give me a head start here. (Groaning, stands up and cracks his back.) I'll get there, don't worry!
(Perry rolls his eyes)

(Scene switches to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: What is that ringing so- is that Eb above high C? Oh, for crying out loud, Perry the Platypus, really? Really? You're thwarting the ill...? (Begins hacking up a lung)

(Scene switches to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
(Doofenshmirtz is still attempting to activate the -inator)
Doofenshmirtz: (Coughing) I'm going to... (Continues coughing) activate my... (Loses his balance, grabs onto the -inator, continues coughing) you know the rest.
(-Inator activates and fires at Perry. He rolls out of the way, instead hitting a tall machine behind him)
Machine: (Whisper) Doofenshmirtz...
Doofenshmirtz: Whoa...check it out, Perry the Platypus, I...I'm totally beating you inadvertently. (Pushes button, -inator starts to spin) And when I say inadvertently, I... I mean completely vertently...ha ha...you know, fighting you makes me feel a little better. It's a... it's a good feeling. (Climbs onto spinning -inator) Like a comfy old sweater or something...like an old friend. Yes... (-inator fires) like a comfy old big woolen friend named Joy C. Terrific from the hinterlands... I'm literally just blathering now.
(Perry runs into the men's restroom)

(Scene switches to the Nostrils team bus)
♪ Nostrils on the Bus! ♪
(A stray beam from the -inator hits a tree, blocking the road)
Tree: (Whisper) Doofenshmirtz...
Nostril #3: Did that tree just say "Doofenshmirtz"?
Nostril #8: I think we've been on this bus too long!
Bus Driver: Hang on, lads, we're taking a detour.
(The Nostrils fans are waiting for them in the road.)
Nostrils Fans: Nostrils! Nostrils! Nostrils! Nostrils!
Nostrils Fan #1: Hey, wait, where're they goin'?
Nostrils Fan #2: I made them a crumpet!
Nostrils Fan #3: Oh, is that what that is.
Nostrils Fan #1: Follow 'em!

(Scene switches to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
(More beams are randomly shooting out of the -inator.)
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah...that really feels good...
(Doofenshmirtz slips off the -inator, falling down the stairs attached to it, and lands on the floor near the -inator.)
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, I'll have more cake...(falls asleep)
(Perry is holding an enormous bathroom mirror, which he aims at the -inator. It backfires on itself, breaking apart in the process.)
-Inator: (whisper) ...ztrimhsnefooD
(Perry removes his fedora, takes out a blanket)
Doofenshmirtz: (mumbles) ...so evil...
(Perry covers Doofenshmirtz with it, leaving him to sleep on the floor.)

Doofelations Season 3:134 | Bullseye!

(Meanwhile, Perry, flying on his jet-pack, has arrived at D.E.I. He unbuckles from the jet-pack, leaps through a two-paneled window, and falls into a tube.)
Doofenshmirtz: (laughs) Right in there.
(Perry lands into the trap... a large empty bottle)
You've heard of a ship in a bottle? Well, you're Perry the Platypus in a bottle. (picks up bottle) Anyway, today is the day I become the supreme leader of L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N.! You remember L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N., the League Of Villainous Evildoers Maniacally... (mumbling) Whatever?
(Close-up of Perry)
Huh? Remember them?
(Camera pans back)
Well, we gotta moving. (holds up bottle) Maybe we'll get some hot dogs or something on the way. (walks off) You like hot dogs, right?

Rodney: I am Rodney, and I am from the great state of South Dakota, home of beautiful Mt. Rushmore... For now!
Doofenshmirtz: "I'm Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz, and I like unicorns and rainbows..." Wait, who switched my...
Rodney: (laughs)
Diminutive: I'm Dr. Diminutive and I don't have a Napoleon complex. Napoleon had a me complex! Don't cross me!

(Scene shifts to the Arena, where the pageant is about to begin)
Host: Welcome to the first annual L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N. Pageant of Evil,...
(Camera pans to the left to show Lawrence, Doofenshmirtz, and Rodney)
...where these three gentlemen will vie for the chance to tell you what's what!
Lawrence: (oblivious to what's going on) I thought I was already confirmed. Prepared my speech and everything.
Host: In addition to gaining total control of the iron...
(Camera pans to Perry, who has his bill and hands pressed on the glass)
...hand of L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N.,...
(Perry pulls out a glass cutter out from his fedora then starts cutting the glass bottle)
our contestants will each receive a commemorative flashlight...
(Just then, Perry's wristwatch communicator beeps)
Major Monogram: (on wristwatch communicator) Agent P, it's come to our attention that Lawrence Fletcher, from your host family, has somehow entered the L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N. Supreme Ruler Pageant.
(Close-up of Perry, with glass cutter in his left hand, looking at his wrist communicator)
Of course, considering his genial nature,...
(Close-up of Monogram on Perry's wristwatch communicator)
...a win for him would really stretch my suspension of disbelief. But just in case, you better sit tight and just observe.
(Camera pans back to the announcer, and there's a scoreboard showing on a monitor)
Host: Remember, points will be awarded by the audience,...
(Camera pans to some of the audience, all holding a voting device )
...so get out your voting boxes.
(Camera pans back to the announcer)
Our first evil event, the mechanical mother.
(Camera pans to the right. A trap door opens to reveal the aforesaid robot then it pans to show the three contestants.)
Show us how you treat the old lady, Larry!
Lawrence: Wish me luck, boys. (at the mechanical mother) Hello, old dear, so lovely to see you. (bows) I've brought you some peonies. (pulls out a bouquet)
Mechanical mother: Oh, such a nice boy.
(audience laughing)
(Camera pans to Doofenshmirtz and Rodney)
Rodney: I didn't think anyone could be more incompetent at being evil than you.
Doofenshmirtz: Me neither.
(Close-up of a worried Perry)
Host: And now, he's serving her tea without a trace of irony!
(Perry gives a sigh of relief. The camera then pans back to Doofenshmirtz and Rodney)
Lawrence: (as he walks back) Remember to keep that foot elevated. (to the other two) What a lovely, old girl.
Rodney: Prepare yourself for a stunning display of filial beastliness. (walks away)
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, knock yourself out, Rodney.
Rodney: (holding a present; at the mechanical mother) Hello, Mother. (kneels on one knee) I've brought you something special!
(Audience booing; Rodney stands up)
Mechanical mother: For me? (opens present) You're such a good...
(Close-up of the present, which has dirty laundry in it)
Host: Ooh! Dirty laundry!
(Close-up of the mechanical mother)
And there go the waterworks.
(Mechanical mother "cries"; audience cheers)
Rodney: (chuckles) Yeah. That's how it's done, boys.
Mechanical Mother: Oh! My baby still needs me!
Rodney: Huh?
Host: Oh, no! Tears of joy? Zero points for that move!
Doofenshmirtz: Ooh, you monster. Watch and learn, Rodney. (clears throat; at mechanical mother) I am getting married again.
(Doofenshmirtz walks off and then the mechanical mother explodes.)
(Close-up of the audience)
Host: Audience, get your votes in, please.
(Camera pans to the scoreboard. And at the end of event 1, it's Doofenshmirtz in the lead with 146 points, followed by Rodney with 2 and Lawrence with zero.)
Lawrence: (at a smug Doofenshmirtz) I don't know how you did it! I don't even think I understood the event, but good show!
(Doofenshmirtz blows a raspberry at Rodney)
Host: And we're back with everyone's favorite, the swimwear competition! Here comes Lawrence Fletcher...
(Camera pans to the stage and the black curtains open)
...wearing swim attire inspired by the legendary Klimpaloon,...
(A grinning Lawrence comes on stage, wearing an old-fashioned swim attire and holding a beach ball with one hand. He then places the beach ball on his head.)
...the magical old-timey bathing suit that lives in the Himalayas! Watch out for that Yeti, Larry!
(Lawrence bows while the audience applauds)
Next up is Heinz Doofenshmirtz.
(Doofenshmirtz comes out wearing a Speedo, towel, and roller skates, slipping towards the stage)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, I thought this was the talent competition! (skates off balance; falls head first into a toilet; muffled yelling) It won't stop flushing!
(audience laughs)
Host: (pause) And last is Rodney in his... (curtain opens) Oh, my gosh!
Rodney: (growls)
(audience gasps)
Rodney: (leaps out of tank; removes rubber mask) Technically, it is a swimsuit.
(Camera pans to the scoreboard. And at the end of event 2, it's now a tie between Doofenshmirtz and Rodney with 342 points while Lawrence is finally on the board with 8. Perry gives a sigh of relief.)

(Scene shifts to the backstage at the Arena, where Doofenshmirtz walks out of one of the changing rooms)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, come on, Rodney, the last event's about to... What? Wait, that's my Make-Everything-Evil-inator!
Rodney: No, Doofy, it's my Make-Everything-Evil-izer. It's an -Izer.
Doofenshmirtz: You're a jerk, you know that?
Rodney: Yes! And I'm going to be more of one when I zap myself with this! (pulls on a lever) I'll be so evil there'll be no way I can lose!
Doofenshmirtz: (quickly sits on Rodney's lap) I'll zap me first!
(A fight then starts between the two evil scientists)
(with Rodney) You quit it!
(Doofenshmitz then breaks off the lever)
Rodney: You broke my Izer!
Doofenshmirtz: Inator! Inator!
Rodney: Shut it!
Doofenshmirtz: No, you shut it!
(Just then, Lawrence walks out of another dressing room)
Lawrence: Have you seen these flashlights...AAH!
(Lawrence gets zapped by the ray, falls through the curtain, and somehow arrives on the stage. He turns on a flashlight, turns around, then laughs deviously. The camera pans to a worried Rodney and Doofenshmirtz.)
Rodney, Doofenshmirtz: Uh-oh.

(Scene shifts to the Arena where the third and final event is about to begin)
Host: And now the final event where each of our three contestants will attempt to intimidate the others with only the force of his evil glare. Contestants, take your marks.
(The trio does so, each moving to a different place on the stage.)
Get set. And begin!
(audience cheers)
The voting has started! Look at those fingers go!
(Close-up of the scoreboard then of Rodney)
Rodney is off to an early lead. It's the pointy-ear advantage! But wait! What's this?
(Close-up of Lawrence)
Fletcher has his eyes covered. He's not even trying!
(Perry gives a sigh of relief)
Host: This could be a real opportunity for Doofenshmirtz!
(Close-up of Doofenshmirtz's face and then Rodney's)
He leers at Rodney. Rodney returns it. With a point! A classic gambit!
(Camera pans to the scoreboard)
The scores are really ticking up now and... Wait! There's a stirring in the Fletcher corner.
(Another close-up of Lawrence, but this time his hand's shaking)
Something's happening...
(A white light appears and after Lawrence removes his hand, Doofenshmirtz gasps in shock)
Doofenshmirtz: Such evil!
(Lawrence then looks at Rodney)
Rodney: (shielding his face) Oh! My eyes!
Host: And the crowd is going wild! Fletcher's numbers are skyrocketing!
(Camera pans to a worried Perry, and then his wristwatch communicator starts beeping)
Major Monogram: (on wristwatch communicator) Agent P, our sensors reveal that Lawrence Fletcher has been shot with a Make-Everything-Evil-izer. If he should become the supreme leader of L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N., we will have no choice but to reassign you. You must find a way to snap him out of it. Remind him of his true, good nature. Remind him who he used to be!
(Perry straps on his jet-pack then blasts his way out of the glass bottle. When he reaches outside, the sky is beginning to darken.)
Phineas: (off screen) This is the one, Bro. I can feel it.
(Perry tips the tail end of the giant dart, which changes its course to the Danville Area. Inside, the announcer puts a medal on Lawrence's neck.)
Host: I now present to you, the new supreme leader of L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N., Lawrence Fletcher!
Lawrence: Today, Danville! Tomorrow, the world! (chuckling)
Doofenshmirtz: We have term limits in L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N., right?
Rodney: Nope.
Lawrence: (laughs evilly)
(Just then, the giant dart comes flying in and...)
Phineas: Bull's-eye!
(Lawrence continues to evilly gloat then the camera pans to Phineas and Ferb)
Phineas: I think that's Dad.
Ferb: What was the topic of his lecture again?
Phineas: Hi, Dad!
(Lawrence turns around and when he sees the boys, he stops with the evil laughter. Then flashbacks from previous episodes are being shown.)
Lawrence: (taking off medal; flings it away) Phineas! Ferb! What are you doing here?
(Perry gives a sign of relief then takes off on his jet-pack)
Lawrence: (shaking Phineas's hand) Brilliant shot, by the way.
Phineas: Aah, it's all about little adjustments.
(Close-up of the medal then the camera pans to Doofenshmirtz and Rodney)
Doofenshmirtz, Rodney: Mine! Mine! Mine!
(The two evil scientists start fighting and arguing over the medal)
Rodney: It's mine!
Doofenshmirtz: Ooh! I hate you!
Phineas: (as he, Ferb, and Lawrence walk away) So, how'd it go, Dad?
Lawrence: I'm not absolutely sure, boys, but I think I just became "King of the Pharmacists".
(Perry, in pet mode, is waiting for the boys and Lawrence at the exit)
Phineas: Awesome! (at Perry) Oh, there you are, Perry.

Doofelations Season 3:135 | That's the Spirit

(Cut to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪
(Perry enters Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc. and sees Doofenshmirtz trapped in chains)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, Perry the Platypus, I was hoping you would come. (Perry points at the chains) Wh... this? Yeah, I had to place myself in restraints. There is a perfectly good explanation though. It all started a couple of days ago, when I declared war on grass, it's not a point why exactly. Let's say grass got on my bad side. Grass and me, were on the outs, big time, so I got myself a cow, a natural predator of grass, it was slowing. What I needed was cow that was motivated not by hunger, but by a powerful hatred of grass like, like my own. Burning antipathy, so I invented the Mind-transfer Inator to give that cow a piece of my mind! (zapping sound) And as it turned out, cow brain, not a lot of room for new ideas. That would have been it, but I started having these gaps in my memory. I had a strange craving to lick salt and I found myself watching the nightly farm report and the Pasture Channel way more than usual. . . I began to sense that I was not quite human anymore, which is why I'm in the restraints and that stinks 'cause tonight's Halloween, you know, that's totally my thing, you know, the only holiday to celebrate evil, and here I am in these... Oh no! (He starts transforming into a Were-cow) It's happening again! It's happening! Argh! (Totally transforms into a Were-cow) Mooo! (Takes out the chains and watches Perry, he takes out a rope to catch him) Moooo! (Doofenshmirtz transformed into a Were-cow escapes and Perry follows him) Moooo!
Doorman: Three more years till the pension kicks in, and I am so out of here!
Doofenshmirtz: Moooo!
Woman: There are no monsters in America, what a genius.
(Song: "Were-Cow")
♪ Get ready for udder terror ♪
♪ 'Cause you're just some cud that he's gonna chew ♪
♪ And you never had steak any rarer ♪
♪ So you better beware of the Moo! ♪
♪ 'Cause we got a were-cow, ♪
♪ Were-Cow on the Rampage! ♪
♪ You know I think this warning should suffice ♪
♪ Were-cow, Were-Cow on the Rampage! ♪
♪ Oh look out, he's gonna chew you twice! ♪
♪ Were-cow, Were-Cow on the Rampage! ♪

(Dr. Doofenshmirtz wakes up in human form in the middle of a field)
Doofenshmirtz: Wha-? Where... where am I? How did-? (looks around and sees crop circles that he made) What's that awful taste in my mouth? And when did I do all this beautiful landscaping? (the clouds covering the moon float away; he sees the full moon then gasps) Oh, no!! (Perry arrives) Oh, Perry the Platypus, thank goodness you're here! Quickly, we have to get me back to my lab before I moo again! Or mow, 'cuz, you know, see, it's grass and you mow grass... (starts turning into a werecow again) Mooooo!
Man: There he is! Let's get 'im!

Doofelations Season 3:136 | The Curse of Candace

(scene switches to Perry's HQ with Major Monogram playing Jump N' Duck)
Major Monogram: Oh, oh Agent P! How long have you been sitting there? Huh, guess I'd better get started. You received a weird message from Dr. Doofenshmirtz this morning, claiming that he will no longer seek to take over the Tri-State area. Then he used a very unusual method for conveying his message. Carl?
Carl: He wrote a letter by hand and put it in an envelope and sent it through the regular mail with a stamp and everything. Who does that? And it's scented. (smells envelope) Mmm, Milbank Nights. One of the better perfumes to come out of South Dakota.
Major Monogram: When an evil scientist sends preread letters wrongdoing can't be far behind. Dismissed Agent P! Carl, let me uh, smell that letter again, would ya?

(scene switches to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: Perry the platypus, didn't you get my letter? Oh, of course not, here I-I'll read it to you.
(Doofenshmirtz reads letter)
Doofenshmirtz: Dear Perry the Platypus, I know Major Monogram will ignore my letter and send you to stop me. That's why you are now trapped. Best wishes, your nemesis, Heinz. (finishes letter, talks to Perry) Come to think of it, it wouldn't of made much sense until now, it's probably good that you didn't get it earlier. It would have just been confusing, and I would have to be stuck with having to explain it to you. Speaking of stuck, you've landed on a square of the stickiest surface known to man. It's a tile from the floor of the Danville Multiplex. I discovered it when I went to go see that teen vampire movie. Loved it! And now... (closes window of machine) Behold, the Gimmelshtump-inator!
(sounds from Gimmelshtump-inator)
Doofenshmirtz: See, Perry the Platypus, I've been setting my sights too high, I think. Trying to subdue a modern city, I need to conquer a backward land where people are superstitious. That's why I'm going to turn the Tri-State area into a reasonable facsimile in Gimmelshtump. The buildings, the clothing, the more easily conquered backward mindset. Here's a sample, look.
(scene switches to Doofenshmirtz's bathroom)
Doofenshmirtz: My beautiful modern state of the art bathroom is changed into...
(the Gimmelshtump-inator shoots a ray at the bathroom changing the bathroom to a Gimmelshtump background)
Doofenshmirtz: A Gimmelshtumpian powder room. (scene switches to Dr. Doofenshmirtz) Ahh, that takes me back.

(scene switches to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: Now, what's going to be the first part of the Tri-State Area (Perry tears the floor tile from the ground - his feet still attached - and jumps onto Doofenshmirtz in the Gimmelshtump-inator) to get the Gimmelshtump make over?
(fighting scene between Dr. Doofenshmirtz and Perry)
Doofenshmirtz: Ow ow ow ow. Oh ya, take that! (Perry's hat flies in air) Haha, oh let me go, not the fore, forhe-- (takes breath) I don't know if you noticed or not but I was boxing champion in my middle-school back in Gimmelshtump and I got a few moves in... (Perry punches him in the stomach. Doofenshmirtz falls in Inator then Perry jumps onto him)

(scene switches to Dr. Doofenshmirtz's building with rays shot from the Gimmelshtump-inator)
Doofenshmirtz: Quit it! Quit it! Quit it!

(Scene switches to Doofenshmirtz and Perry inside Gimmelshtump-inator)
Doofenshmirtz: You don't stand a chance with that tile still stuck to your feet. (Perry jumps, and hits Doofenshmirt's knee and runs) Oh oh, my knee again, really?! (Doofenshmirtz chases after Perry. Perry comes behind a wall, forces one of his feet off the floor tile and uses it to trip Dr. Doofenshmirtz into a window) Wait wait wait! I need a bathroom break. I'll be right back. Okay? Don't do anything until I get back, okay? Don't touch a thing. I'll be right uhh... Ooohh. (Doofenshmirtz realizes his bathroom was changed into a pot and a light bulb, Perry jumps out of the Gimmelshtump-inator)
Doofenshmirtz: What was that?
(Perry activates the Inator to move forward and crash in the street and change everything Gimmelshtumpian style back to reality, Scene switches to Slushy Dog and other buildings changes back. Scene switches to the two guys with a car. The horse stands upright as the Inator changes it back into a car, though, standing upright, and the car flips over)
2nd Guy: Well now it's scratched.

(scene switches back to Doofenshmirtz in his bathroom)
Doofenshmirtz: Curse you Perry the Plat... (Gimmelshtump-inator reverses his bathroom back to reality) Ohh, never mind!

Doofelations Season 3:137 | Escape from Phineas Tower

(Cut to Perry's lair where he enters through a tube. While he runs towards his chair, the camera pans to the monitor where Carl is practicing some table etiquette.)
Carl: And the salad fork is the one on the outside.
(Perry jumps onto his chair)
Major Monogram: (holding a clipboard and pen) And you're certain of that... (Perry's chair slides forward) Ah! Agent P!
(Close-up of Monogram)
Major Monogram: As you may know, this is International Good Manners Day. Perhaps, not ironically, Dr. Doofenshmirtz has chosen this very week to create a device that causes rampant rudeness. Go take care of it.
(Close-up of Perry)
Major Monogram: If you please.
(Perry salutes; the camera then pans back.)
Carl: (while Perry leaves his lair) I bet he calls it the Rude-inator.
Major Monogram: What does that make you? Nostradamus?

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! ♪

(Scene starts with Perry next to a mat and a sign which reads "Please... Wipe Feet!" There's a pause then he does just that. Just then, a trap door activates and he falls into it. The trap door rises a second later and Perry's now trapped in a cat suit. Doofenshmirtz then leaps out and hooks a leash onto the collar.)
Doofenshmirtz: A-ha! I wanted to say something clever about "cat got your tongue", but I haven't worked it out. You see, when we were small children, my brother Roger was always better at the whole manners and etiquette thing.
(Flashback)
Young Roger: Sweet Aunt Effie, you have always been my favorite!
Aunt Effie: (pinching young Roger's cheek) Roger, so polite. (hands young Roger a coin) Heinz?
Young Doofenshmirtz: That's some mole!
(End flashback)
Doofenshmirtz: (sighs) It takes a long time to clean out a chicken coop with a spoon. And I still don't see how that was rude. I mean, that thing was gargantuan. If anything, I was showing restraint. Anyway, today, it is International Good Manners Day, and we've got a visiting dignitary. She's the ambassador from England! Only the most etiquetty country in the whole world, hello! And when Roger's introducing her I'm going to zap him with my Rude-inator!
(Camera pans to the Rude-inator then back to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: That's what I'm calling it.
(Perry gives an unimpressed look)
Doofenshmirtz: It makes whoever it zaps intolerably rude! He'll cause an international incident! And in all the confusion, I'll just waltz in and take over. So, why the catsuit? Well, we're going to be at City Hall to watch the fireworks, you and me, and I figured a platypus in a fedora might attract too much attention! Smart, huh? (walks away with a smug look) See, me, always thinking.

(Cut to the City Hall.)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, here we are! (chuckles) Right up close! You sit here, Perry the Catypus. (laughs) I just came up with that. That totally makes up for missing the "cat got your tongue" thing from before.
Roger: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to City Hall on this fine first day of National Etiquette Week.
(Audience applauds; camera then pans to Perry.)
Woman: I do love proper etiquette!

(City Hall; Roger's continuing with his speech.)
Roger: And to speak further on this topic, it is my great pleasure to introduce the Ambassador from England, the most etiquetty country in the world...
Doofenshmirtz: Told you!
Roger: ... and my personal friend,
(Doofenshmirtz presses a button on a controller)

(Back at City Hall)
Roger: ...this unbelievable windbag right here.
(Camera pans to a grinning Doofenshmirtz then to a shocked looking ambassador)
(man coughing)
Roger: Oh, man! On and on and on in the limo over here. (mimicking ambassador) "Manners are so important."
Doofenshmirtz: Can you believe this, Perry the...
(Camera pans to show that Perry had escaped the catsuit trap)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, for Pete's sake, Perry the Platypus. I told you to go before we left. (at himself) He better bring back some popcorn, that's all I can say.
Roger: ...what a pompous know-it-all you are.
Woman: That's it! I want a recall.
All: Recall! Recall! Recall!
Doofenshmirtz: (grinning) It's working!

(Cuts to D.E.I. where Perry exits out of a cab. Minutes later, he enters Doofenshmirtz's apartment, runs towards the Rude-inator, and plugs up the ray with a cork. He then makes a dramatic leap off of the -inator and leaves the building on his hang-glider.)

(City Hall; Roger is continuing his tirade, much to Doofenshmirtz's amusement.)
Audience: Recall! Recall!
Roger: ...and so's your sister!
Doofenshmirtz: Wow! Such rudeness. This is working better than I ever imagined.
Roger: Miss High-and-Mighty English Manners Person, I have got one thing to say to you. And only one thing. That's some...
(He and the ambassador starts laughing)
Roger: ...show we just put on, isn't it, Madam Mayor?
Doofenshmirtz: What the...
Ambassador: You see, your wonderful Mayor and I agreed in the limousine to put on this little play for your edification.
(audience applauds)
Doofenshmirtz: (pushing button on remote repeatedly) No, no, no, no.

(City Hall; the ambassador's speech continues)
Ambassador: Indeed, what would we be without manners?
Audience: Four more years. Four more years.
Doofenshmirtz: (pause) Curse you, Perry the Platypus. I didn't even get my popcorn. (realizes) Wait. If they were faking it, what did my ray hit?

Doofelations Season 3:138 | Lotsa Latkes

(In Agent P's lair...)
Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P! We recently learned that Doofenshmirtz has fallen behind on his electrical bills. This seems odd considering his generous alimony package. His ex-wife, Charlene, is loaded! And, I might add, quite a handsome woman. (Perry stares in boredom) No, not, not that I've given that a great deal of thought. (clears throat) Investigate at once. Monogram out!
(Perry salutes, then blasts out of the lair in a rocket)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪

(Perry lands, slips on a banana peel and lands in a stockade)
Doofenshmirtz: (laughs) So, Perry the Platypus, do you like your trap? It's called the stocks! I read about it in this book, Ten Greatest Historical Traps of All Time. Look, it's a pop-up! (shows a pop-up bear trap) It also came with this bonus pamphlet, The Ten Greatest Historical Armies of All Time. And according to this, the Spartan Army was fierce, unstoppable, and followed every order without hesitation. Which is why I got this! (leave, emerges in Spartan General costume) Huh? It's a Spartan General costume. Yeah, it must have been...warmer in Ancient Greece. (pause) Anyway, once the Spartan Army sees me in this, they'll obey my every command! And help me take over the Tri-State Area! And how will I acquire the Spartan Army, gone lo these many millennia? With my Historical-Army-Retrieve-inator! I-it's potato-powered because I spent this month's alimony check on my last inator. You remember that, the Made-of-Gold-inator. And you know, I wore out three pairs of shoes buying up all these potatoes, but...on the good side, it smells like French fries in here.

(Back at D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: And now, to summon the Spartan Army! (fires up the inator) Ooh! Here they come! Here they come! They're coming!
(The army is summoned, but it's actually a Mongol Army)
Mongol Army: Huh?
Doofenshmirtz: Ha-ha! What, wait, what? A Mongol army? Really? Huh, I must have had the dial set for..."Hun". Oh, well, you don't look a gift horde in the mouth, so...hello! Hi there, me, yeah. Welcome to the future, my ruthless Mongol Army. I realize you can't understand what I'm saying, and you're probably confused a bit by the Spartan General's uniform, uh, but together, we will rule the Tri-State Area...
(The Mongols yell and run out, trampling Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Ow! Hey, what are you... (notices the Mongols messing up the kitchen) Oh, you're hungry! I guess it has been 1,200 years since you've eaten. Well I suppose we could call out... (the Mongols trample him again and bust through the wall) Oh, you ruined my helmet. Now I've gotta get a new costum... Wait a second, that's it! I'm in the wrong outfit! All I have to do is hit the costume shop, then round up my Mongols, and the Tri-State Area will be mine! (runs off laughing)

(The Mongols rush out of D.E.I, the potato gremlins stop)
Potato Gremlin: Spicy.
(Both groups stare at each other, the potato gremlins yell)
Mongols: French fry!
(The potato gremlins scream and run away as the Mongols chase them)
Potato Gremlin: Spicy!
Mongols: French fry!
Potato Gremlin: Spicy!
Isabella: Wow, Buford had Mongolian barbecue for breakfast?
Phineas: I don't think those are ours.
(They rush off, Doofenshmirtz comes out of D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Costume shop!
Phineas: Follow that horde!

(Scene shifts to the costume shop)
Salesclerk: One Genghis Khan costume. Will that be cash or credit?
Doofenshmirtz: I'm kind of low on funds right now. (shows potatoes) Do you take potatoes in trade?

(The Mongols and potato gremlins bash through the wall as the senior citizens applaud. Just as the Spudsalot pulls up, the Mongols begin to fight the potato gremlins just as Doofenshmirtz, dressed as Genghis Khan, barges in.)
Doofenshmirtz: Stop! My brothers! And...others. Uh, gaze at last, upon my appropriately Mongolian military regalia and know that you must now obey my every command!
Isabella: Oh, no! The Latke Festival is ruined.
(Candace pulls up followed by Linda with newspaper in her face)
Candace: Ha, ha, ha! Mom! Mom! Potato gremlins! (closes eyes and points) And...others! Look!
Linda: I'm trying, honey! These classifieds just go on and on. (tries to removes the excessive newspapers)

(Scene shifts back to the senior lodge)
Doofenshmirtz: Now, we can rule the Tri-State...
(The ray hits Doofenshmirtz and the Mongols, they disappear along with the potato gremlins and the Spudsalot)
Linda: (gets the last newspaper off) Ooh, coupon! (to Candace) Now, what am I looking at?
Candace: But...but...but...
Linda: I think you had enough fun for today. (takes Candace by the arm)
Candace: Noooooo!!!
(Linda drags an upset and deadpanned Candace out of the cafeteria)

Doofelations Season 3:139 | Ferb Latin

(Cut to Perry walking into the bathroom, presses a red O.W.C.A. button, and Major Monogram is shown in the mirror.)
Major Monogram: Ah Agent P. Sorry I'm running a little late this morning. Our satellites haven't picked up any Inator activity coming from Doofenshmirtz, but that's no indication that he isn't up to something. We want you to get down there and have a little look-see. Good hunting Agent P.
(Perry runs out and Monogram puts on aftershave and then screams in horror.)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪

(Perry flies in. Doofenshmirtz and Norm are standing there.)
Doofenshmirtz: (adjusting something on Norm's back) Just one more bolt right behind- (Perry♪) So, Perry the Platypus, we meet again! But this time, the advantage is mine... (to Norm) Hey, what are you waiting for Norm, we rehearsed this like a thousand times! I say "Ah, Perry the Platypus, we meet again, only this time the advantage is mine", you go and get him!
Norm: Going and getting!
Doofenshmirtz: (writing) Note to self, say the --- for replacing Norm's head. (Norm captures Perry in a bag) Okay, much better (to Perry) this is a good look for you!

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated)
Doofenshmirtz: I bet you're wondering where my Inator is, right? C'mon, guess? Guess, no? No? Can I get a play-Oh alright ergh alright. Don't play. It's Norm!
Norm: Let's hope there's no self-destruct button on this one!
Doofenshmirtz: You've always had one, Norm. I just never told you where it was so you wouldn't pick at it!
(Norm's eyes grow bigger and his mouth falls off)
Doofenshmirtz: And stop interrupting me! Anyway, I've done a lot of research for the past... you know, few hours... and I, and I found that most people will believe anything they read! And I know it's true, 'cause you know... I read it online somewhere. So, my new weapon to take over the Tri-State Area is... propaganda!
Norm: Propaganda consists of messages that dishonestly attempt to influence the attitude of a community!
Doofenshmirtz: Thanks for that, Mr. Norm-It-All. I've installed a switch back here that prints out propaganda leaflets. All I have to do is speak my evil messages into this microphone, err let's see... eh, "slap yourself"! Push this button and, whatever I say (presses button and leaflet comes out) comes printed out on a leaflet. It's gonna work! I'm using a very convincing font. It's bold and it has a lot of serifs!
Norm: Serifs are semi-structural details that...
Doofenshmirtz: (cuts off Norm) Oh, for crying out loud, Norm! Listen, here's a buck, why don't you go get out of here and get a haircut or something!
Norm: Out I go! (Going with Perry still in hand)
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, Norm, take the dollar and leave the platypus.(He hands Norm the dollar, who puts Perry on the floor then walks out right through the wall) And when you come back use the door! (to Perry) He gets that from you, you know. Anyway, my plan is to fly Norm all over the Tri-State Area and drop leaflets, then everyone will do my bidding!
(Doofenshmirtz looks at the leaflet and slaps himself)
Doofenshmirtz: Man, that really is a convincing font.

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Norm: (Norm uses the door but smashes through the door and causes damage to the walls) I'm ack-berb!
Doofenshmirtz: (Annoyed that Norm still caused damage using the door) Oh, great. Nice haircut, by the way. Where's my change?
(Norm pours dozens of coins out of his mouth)
Doofenshmirtz: You're a weird robot, Norm.
Norm: Ank-therb ou-yerb!
Doofenshmirtz: What is that, Swedish? You better not be broken, Norm. You still need to fly around the city distributing leaflets.
(Doofenshmirtz starts rewiring Norm's cables)
Doofenshmirtz: Well I guess as long as you still remember the code for take-off...
Norm: Aunch-lerb?
Doofenshmirtz: No, it's not "aunch-lerb", talk normal. It's launch, launch!
(Norm takes off)
Doofenshmirtz: NO, NO, NOT YET! NOT YET!
(Perry manages to get himself out of the bag and leaves)

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz and Norm flying all over the city)
Doofenshmirtz: Fly straight, you hunk of junk! (sees Perry unloading Norm's fuel) Perry the Platypus, how did you get- (Perry jumps off and opens his parachute) Curse you, Perry the Platypus!!
Norm: E're-werb oing-gerb own-derb!
Doofenshmirtz: Knock it off with the babble talk, I can't stand it! (Doofenshmirtz stomps down several times on the button) TALK NORMAL!
(Leaflets are printed out with "Talk Normal" written on them) Oh, great. That was not the message I wanted to deliver to the people of the Tri-State Area! (A couple catches one)
Steve: Talk normal. Huh.
Ann: Yeah okay I'm convinced.

(Cut to Norm and Doofenshmirtz, who have crashed into the road.)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, that could've gone better.
(As Norm prints out one more leaflet, Doofenshmirtz catches it, reads it and slaps himself again)
Doofenshmirtz: Not funny, Norm.

Doofelations Season 3:140 | A Phineas and Ferb Family Christmas

Doofenshmirtz: (pauses broadcast) Wait, w-w-what's going on here? Is it Christmas already? What happened to fall? I'm totally unprepared. I-I got to get my yuletide on, and fast!

Doofenshmirtz: (singing to the tune of "We Wish You A Merry Christmas," muffled) ♪ Oh, Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated, ♪
♪ Oh, righty tighty, lefty loosey ♪
♪ Oh, my decorations are almost done ♪
(Perry bursts in and sees a mistletoe thinking it's a trap; he tiptoes and rolls by it)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus! How noel-y of you! (shoots his trap wrapping Perry in wrapping paper; he reels the trap) For some reason, Christmas seemed to have snuck up on me this year, and I'm a bit behind on my shopping. But I have a solution: (Pulls tarp) The Transport-inator! (ominous music plays) To instantly transport me to the stores while everyone else is circling around looking for a parking spot. I-It's not exactly evil, but it's slightly unfair. Let the last minute shopping begin! (activates the Transport-inator; he disappears and the -inator fires a laser)

Doofenshmirtz: (in a supermarket checkout lane, loading his presents onto the counter) Whew! Hey, what's with the total lack of Christmas decorations this year? A-Are you guys just being lazy or what? (reaches to pick up his presents, but is hit by the Transport-inator's beam) Wait, wha-, wait, my packages! (Doofenshmirtz disappears from the checkout counter)
Cashier: (into intercom) Customer vaporization in aisle 4.

Doofenshmirtz: (back at D.E.I.; Perry has pressed the -inator's reverse button) A reverse button? Really? I guess you think you're pretty clever. (Perry kicks Doofenshmirtz, who reels him in with the wrapping paper shooter; Perry winds his wrapping paper around Doof's legs, tearing the paper and falling near a pile of fruitcakes. Perry uses his free tail to launch fruitcakes at Doofenshmirtz) Not fruitcake! (The first one misses; the second hits Doof in the mouth, and he falls down. The next three hit the Transport-inator, causing it to spark and activate. Perry jumps into the Transport-inator's beam and disappears) Now where did he go?

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I wish you would let me rule you ♪
♪ In evil I'm going to school you ♪
♪ I won't sugarcoat or fool you ♪
♪ Your New Year's looks grim ♪

(the Transport-inator zaps all the Christmas decorations and extras out of the Flynn-Fletcher backyard and into D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ugh. How come the reverse switch works for Perry the Platypus, but not me?

Doofenshmirtz: Wait. Aren't--Aren't you Kelly Clarkson?
Kelly Clarkson: Why yes, yes I am.
Doofenshmirtz: You're standing on my hand.
Kelly Clarkson: Oh! Sorry.
Doofenshmirtz: No, no, it was a huge honor. Hey, since you're here, you wanna sing a song?
Kelly Clarkson: Uh, you know, I would love to. (the Transport-inator begins to shake) Wait, what's that?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, that's my -inator. It's probably just gonna blow up.
Kelly Clarkson: (running away, followed by the extras) I'm outta here! (the -inator explodes; Kelly Clarkson glides away on a glider with her face on it)
Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, Perry the Platypus! And to a lesser extent, Kelly Clarkson, although I do love her work.

Doofelations Season 3:141 | Tri-Stone Area

(Cut to an office showing Dan and Swampy in stop motion)
Swampy: Whoa, whoa, whoa. So—so they're just gonna be talking in "cave-talk"?
Dan: Yeah! I think Doofenshmirtz is just gonna grunt.
Swampy: Oh—How are people gonna know what's going on?
Dan: Oh—Periodically we're just gonna cut to you and me, just explaining it just like this in this sort of photo-animation.
Swampy: Wh—Why don't we just film it? Live action?
Dan: Nah, it's not in the budget.
Swampy: Ah, yeah. How are the kids gonna know who we are?
(Text bubbles appear with arrows pointing to Dan and Swampy, showing their names)
Swampy: Oh! That's nice. Okay. But where's Perry?
Dan: (Prepares to write on the drawing board) Ah!
(Bunka is in his lair, wearing a skull helmet implied to be a fedora)

♪ Bunkalunk Bunkalunk Bunkalunka! ♪
(Doofenshmirtz laughs hysterically at water slowly dripping off a stalactite. This repeats till Bunka da Bunka Quwonk crashes through the wall)
Doofengung: A Bunka Quwonk?
(Bunka puts on his head gear)
Doofengung: Bunka da Bunka Quwonk?!
(Doofengung gestures that Bunka could have simply climbed the ladder to the open balcony instead of smashing in through the side. He then pulls a cord which drops a trap made from bone onto Bunka)
Doofengung: Ah, Bunka da Bunka Quwonk... bakka lakka!
(Backstory begins and a tetrapod with Doofengung's face climbs onto dry land, looks around, and goes back into the water)
Doofengung: Ah, Bunka da Bunka Quwonk...
(Doofengung grunts and gestures toward a cave painting depicting the famous evolution of man series. He gestures that he is the crouching figure and shows disdain for the upright figure, who happens to resemble Roger Doofenshmirtz. He imitates Roger standing upright and being a doof.)
Doofengung: Ama wrog?
(More grunting and gesturing and we see Caveman Roger Doofenshmirtz lounging in splendor eating grapes, being served a side of ribs by a blond cavewoman, and perhaps hosting a garden party. By contrast, Doofengung gestures to his decaying cave)
Doofengung: Uh? Blahh! (A piece of a stalactite breaks off) Uh? Blahh! Uh? Blahh! Uh? BLAHH!!!

Doofelations Season 3:142 | Doof Dynasty

Doofelations Season 3:143 | Excaliferb

Doofelations Season 3:144 | Phineas and Ferb and the Temple of Juatchadoon

(The scene opens up with a map of India that has an overlaid date of 1914, before shifting to a snowy mountain, into which a cave is set. Ohio Flynn and Rhode Island Fletcher climb up the mountain and into the cave. Rhode Island slides their toboggan near the mouth of the cave as they enter)
Ohio: This is it. Giant Cannibal Cave! According to the map, Beserk Magurk stashed it here. No one ever saw him again. This way! Up these Giant Cannibal Stairs!
(They climb up two gigantic steps to find themselves overlooking a giant table set several feet below them. On the plate rests a skeleton wearing a fedora, clutching a golden talisman in his bony fingers)
Ohio: There it is - the Amulet of Juatchadoon! And that must be Magurk, down there on that Giant Cannibal Dining Set! (Grins) How much rope do you have? (Rhode Island gestures to several hundred feet of rope) As always, you are prepared.
(They attach the rope to a rocky bridge, scaring away hundreds of bats. Rhode Island quickly rappels down and grabs the amulet. He shakes off the skeletal arm still attached to it as Ohio pulls him up)
Ohio: So, the markings on this amulet should lead us to the lost Temple of Juatchadoon!
(As they run across the bridge and into the next room, Norm steps out and picks them up from behind)
Norm: Who wants cocoa?
Ohio: Hey, let us go, you big galute!
(The pair hear someone slowly clapping and look over as a parka-clad Doofenshmirtz emerges from the shadows.)
Ohio: (With disdainful recognition) Doofenshmirtz.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, well, well. Ohio Flynn and Rhode Island Fletcher. What are you doing here?
Ohio: That depends - why are you slow clapping?
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, I don't know, I thought it would make my entrance more dramatic. And it totally worked!
Ohio: (At Rhode Island) You know, he's right. It was more dramatic.
Doofenshmirtz: Now, hand over that amulet!
Ohio: No way! (Rhode Island holds the amulet away from Doofenshmirtz) We retrieved it, fair and square!
Doofenshmirtz: (Laughs) Tell it to the Abominable Snowman!
Ohio: Well, that's a weird expression...?
Doofenshmirtz: No, I mean tell him right now - LOOK!!
(Camera pans back to show a giant Abominable Snowman standing behind Norm. It roars, and squashes Norm accordion-style as Doofenshmirtz runs in terror. The squashed Norm drops the boys, and they run out of the cave)
Norm: (Wobbling around after the boys) I'll just run ahead!
(Ohio and Rhode Island rush out to the cave's mouth and hop on their toboggan, sledding down the hill. Back in the cave, the Snowman is still chasing Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Maybe the "Giant Cannibal" thing was a mislead! I think the dining set was his! (He hops behind Norm onto their rocket-powered sled.) Go, go, go, go, go, go, go!! (The Snowman makes a huge snowball and tosses it down the mountain after them. It crashes into their sled and they roll down the hill with it.)
Doofenshmirtz: (Wincing) Oh, mama!
(Ohio and Rhode Island jump in their biplane at the mountain's base and take off, barely missing the sled-filled snowball. They sail off into the distance as the ball careens into a cliff face, revealing Doofenshmirtz and Norm)
Norm: (Starts slow clapping)
Doofenshmirtz: Way too soon for a callback, Norm.

(Perry is seen in pet mode at the front of the entrance of the saloon. He puts his fedora on and runs into the saloon. Inside, the saloon patrons are throwing ice cream in cones/bowls everywhere)
Lawrence: Gentlemen, please! There simply are no more maraschino cherries!!
(Perry runs up a flight of stairs and enters a room shielded by a purple curtain. Inside, a halogen lamp is turned on and he meets Major Monogram and Carl, whom are both wearing fezzes)
Major Monogram: There you are Agent P! Welcome to the meeting of the Secret Order of the Knights Without a Cool Acronym or SOKWCA. As you know, it is our duty to...Hey! You're not wearing your fez. (Pointing to a part of the room) Better go to the fez dispenser. (Perry takes off his fedora and gets a fez from a vending-machine like dispenser) As I was saying, Doofenshmirtz is dangerously close to laying his mits on the lost Idol of Juatchadoon. If he were to get hold of it, it would be blood-sucking-Chupacabra-brain-eating-zombie-ancient-Mayan-Gods-come-to-life-weird-voodoo-curses-with-goat-heads and what not bad. Now, get out there and stop him Agent P.
Carl: Why are we wearing a fez in the middle of Central America anyway?
Major Monogram: (In a shocked tone) You mean we're not in Egypt! I thought those pyramids were kind of stair steppy.

(The group enters the inner chamber of the temple; a room ornately decorated with frescos of corn. They face a massive statue flanked by cauldrons of fire)
Ohio: This is it guys; the corn colossus of Juatchadoon! (Candace takes a picture just before she and the rest of the group get trapped in a cage)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh yeah! Oh yeah baby! (He is standing on a descending totem pole)
Ohio: (With disdainful recognition) Doofenshmirtz! Nice entrance.
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, that whole subtle thing wasn't working out for me as you know. Now, hand over that amulet.
Ohio: YOU FIEND! You think we're just gonna give it to you!
Doofenshmirtz: Yes, yes I do. (He opens the cage door and lets Isabella out)
Isabella: (At Ohio and Rhode Island) Sorry boys. (At Doofenshmirtz) Here you go! (She gives him the amulet and her map)
Ohio: Isabella, you dirty double crosser!
Isabella: I forgot to give you this one. (She hands Ohio a card that reads "Isabella, Dirty Double Crosser". He looks up unamused.) Okay, I've kept up my end of the bargain. Now where's...
New Hampshire: (In a distressed tone) Isabella!
Isabella: Mom! (She rushes over to a trench in the ground, where she finds her mom)
New Hampshire: Oh mi hija, you came!
Isabella: Are you okay?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, she's fine, but she could use a little company! (He pushes Isabella into the trench) Ha Ha. Now, if you don't mind I've got a little ceremony to conduct. Let's see, probably instructions on the back or you rub it or twist it... (The amulet activates and starts shooting out yellow lightning.) AAAHHH! AAAHHH! Okay, okay. Getting used to it, getting used to it. Yeah, I'm good! Ha, Ha, Ha, Ha, Ha, Ha, Ha. (The yellow lightning hits the colossus and it awakens)
Candace: This is it! (She takes multiple pictures while Doofenshmirtz cackles in the background)
Doofenshmirtz: Now, I have the power to bla, bla, bla, supernatural, bla, bla, et cetera, et cetera. But first I'm going to New York; we'd kill on Broadway! (There is a loud explosion on the background) What the...!
(Perry the Platypus enters with a dancing troupe)

Doofenshmirtz: (At Perry) Perry the Platypus, you totally one-upped my entrance. Doesn't matter, 'cos look what I got. (He points to the colossus and cackles as it approaches Perry and the dancing troupe)
Ohio: We've got to lead the Corn Colossus away from those backup singers!
Isabella: OMG! Coolest sentence ever! Somebody write that down! (Rhode Island writes it down while Ohio picks up an ear of corn)
Ohio: Hey Corny! What do you think of this! (He splits the corn into two, causing the colossus to roar in anger)
Candace: Enrage the all powerful Corn Colossus; good thinking! (In an attempt to escape, they run out of the room, just as the colossus smashes through the wall)
Doofenshmirtz: (At the colossus) Yeah, you go smash the kids, then we'll take over the world later. As long as I still have... (He is interrupted by Perry, who kicks him to the ground)

(The scene shifts to Perry doing battle with Doofenshmirtz in the temple's inner chamber. Doofenshmirtz jumps up holding a ear of corn in each hand)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, ha! You just wait till I connect with one of these. Then you'll wish you'd never been corned! Get it, 'cos it rhymes with... Hey what's with the fez anyway, we're not even in Egypt! (Perry pulls the tassel on his fez and it flies upwards, revealing a fedora underneath. The flying fez has an automated claw, which seizes the amulet from Doofenshmirtz. With the amulet still in its grasp, the fez flies upwards and out of the temple) You're a real spoil sport you know that.

(The scene shifts back to Doofenshmirtz and Perry)
Doofenshmirtz: (The temple starts to collapse) (In a sarcastic tone) Oh, terrific. The temple is falling apart! Are you happy? Probably my face will melt now, and for what?

Doofelations Season 3:145 | Monster from the Id

(Cut to...)
♪Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Eating cereal looks like this! ♪ (Perry enters the building) Ah! Perry the Platypus! You're early, and I'm in my underwear. So embarrassing. And it's the pair of underwear you never want anyone to see you in too. You know the ones. They're faded and frayed, and the elastic is so worn out you have to hold them up while you're  walking around the house. And you have to roll up the waist band, making your pants look all lumpy. And, and yet when you take them off, you find yourself mysteriously putting them in the hamper rather than the garbage. Why- why do you do that? Hey, where are you going Perry the Platypus?! (traps Perry in a net) You know, when you came in, despite appearances, I was trying to come up with a perfect evil plan to thwart today's Tri-State Area Summit and Weenie Roast, and you just gave me a great idea! What is a man most afraid of? It's being in public and suddenly realizing he's in his underwear! So, I shall construct an Underwear-inator! One blast at the summit, and everyone will be so paralyzed with fear and embarrassment, I can just waltz in and take over. Thank you, Perry the Platypus. Thank you very much!

(Cut back to D.E. Inc)
Doofenshmirtz: Almost ready, Perry the Platypus, just a few more adjustments. I'm putting an extra ratty setting on the Underwear-inator. So embarrassing! (Perry takes a contact lens out of his eye, holds it up to the light and proceeds to cut through the net)

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: (sniffs) Do you smell something burning? What are you doing?! Give me that! Got it! What is this, a tiny magnifying glass? Oh, you think you're so fancy with your high-tech spy equipment. (He crushes the contact lens) What are you going to do now? Huh, Perry the Platypus? Huh? (laughs) (Perry takes out the other contact lens)

(Cut to Perry)
Doofenshmirtz: (as Perry escapes from the trap) Ironic, I built my Underwear-inator while actually in my underwear. Ha! (Perry attacks him and the Underwear-inator fires up)

(Cut back to the fight)
Doofenshmirtz: Ow! (Underwear-inator hits Perry) Ha! You look ridic-- (Underwear-inator hits Doofenshmirtz) Ah! Moth holes?!
Norm: Who wants lobster bisque? (Underwear-inator hits him) Get it while it's hot! (Perry disassembles the Underwear-inator)

(Cut to Perry disassembling the Underwear-inator)
Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, Perry the Platypus! You know, those, those really work for you.

Doofelations Season 3:146 | Gi-Ants

(Switches to Perry's lair. Perry enters to find Carl, an angry Major Monogram, and a broken screen)
Major Monogram: Sorry, Agent P. Your monitor is on the fritz today...thanks to someone who isn't aware that croquet is an outdoor game.
Carl: Again, sir, there was nothing on the box to indicate--
Major Monogram: Anyway, let's get this show on the road, shall we? (Carl hoists a cardboard replica of the screen and stops it with a rock) Dr. Doofenshmirtz has been collecting some extremely unusual items the last few days. Uh, some of the odd purchases include—Carl, where are my inserts?
Carl: Oh, sorry, sir. Do that last bit again.
Major Monogram: (while he is speaking, Carl holds up images of each items) Some of the odd purchases include: biomolecular components simply used to make organic computers, a giant pilgrim hat, and most curious of all, a huge pair of food booties, used on the end of turkey legs for decoration. You know, Carl, I really like working live, it reminds me of my days in the theater group back at...The Academy.
(Flashback)
(people booing)
Man 1: Francis, you stink!
Man 2: Get off the stage!
(Flashback ends)
Major Monogram: Anywho, Dr. Doofenshmirtz is up to something sinister. Find out what it is and report back. Monogram, out. Carl, fade out. (Carl pushes a button on a remote which turns the room pitch black, and the only things visible are the eyes of Agent P, Carl and Major Monogram) Man. You can go now, Agent P. (he does so) Okay, Carl. Turn on the lights. (pause) Carl? (man laughing manically) Stop it, Carl.
Carl: That wasn't me.

(Switches to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated, where Perry uses his grappling hook to climb to the top of the structure and gets trapped in a pilgrim hat)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha! (opens the buckle door) Perry the Platypus?
(Perry nudges his head down to a point where part of his face is visible)
Doofenshmirtz: There's my guy. Why the Thanksgiving-themed trap, you may ask? You know how you get all and lethargic after you eat Thanksgiving dinner? Well, it's not because you're really full and, you know, slightly out of shape. It's because of all the tryptophan in the turkey. Now imagine, if the turkey were say the size of...a car or a building, there would be no resisting the tryptophanicle level of nature's little sleeping potion. That—is why—I created: the Turkey-inator! (pauses for dramatic effect) Wait, can you—can you see it from that little door, or do I have to move the hat, or—you're good? You're good. With this, I will fly over the city turning things into turkey all willy nilly, then—no one will be able to resist the all of that perfectly cooked turkey, goodness. And once the tryptophan cooks in, I'll take over the Tri-State Area with ease! Won't that be trypto-fun? Heeheehee. You know, "tryptophan", trypto...it's...you know, like...I'm wasting all this wordsmithing on a platypus.

(Switches back to Evil Incorporated)
Doofenshmirtz: So long, Perry the Platypus! Next time you see me, I will be the indisputable ruler of the Tri-State Area! (flies off on his inator) And when I say "indisputable", I mean totally disputable! Wait, no, no that doesn't work, I mean...uh-uh-putable! I-I mean puta—no. Eh, the moment's gone.

(Switches to the Turkey-inator)
Doofenshmirtz: Time to start my Turkey Takeover! Commence random firing! (the Turkey-inator hits the following items: a passenger train that turns into turkey wings, a mailbox that turns into a turkey wing, which is eaten by two mail carriers, a cooked turkey, Perry's trap that turns into a turkey leg, in which Perry is led to escape) This is great! With Perry the Platypus out of the way, I can finish my sentences without getting punched in the-- (Perry punches him in the face mid-sentence)

(Switches back to the Turkey-inator)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, Perry the Platypus, take that! And that! (gets head stuck in control board) Oh! Oh, man, that's disgusting! Still, it can't be the first time someone's got their head stuck in a turkey.

(Switches to the Turkey-inator, where Doofenshmirtz's head is still stuck in the control board)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, be a dear and help a brother out. Can't seem to -- (Perry takes the control board off his head) Oh! Oh, thanks. (Turns around) No! What are you doing?!
(Perry points the control board in such a way, the Turkey-inator hits itself, turning it into an oversized turkey. He then escapes, via para-sail, before the turkey catches fire while falling towards the street.) Curse you, Perry the Platypus...! (When hitting the ground, the turkey forms a massive explosion.)
Doofenshmirtz: (groans) I feel like a giblet.

Doofelations Season 3:147 | The Remains of the Platypus

(Scene begins at D.E.I. with Doofenshmirtz in his apartment, standing in his underwear, socks, and shoes, while an inator fires up behind him.)
♪ Doofenshmirtz in his underwear! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: I can't believe it! Just moments away from finally achieving full control of the Tri-State Area!
(Camera pans to Perry, dressed as a butler, running on a hamster wheel. After a few minutes, he smiles evilly.)
And I owe it all to you, Perry the Platypus, my trusted butler.
(Camera then pans to Carl's wrist communicator, lying on a nearby table. A swollen and bloated Monogram is shown on its monitor.)
Major Monogram: I won! I won!<
(A trapped Carl, wearing a squirrel costume, grabs his wrist communicator and looks at it worriedly.)
Carl: No! Why didn't you listen?! Why?!
Doofenshmirtz: Quiet, you! I will not let you ruin this moment of pure joy!
(Right after he said that, Phineas and Ferb's invention crashes through the ceiling.)
Computer: "Joy" located.
(Li'l Saul and the Breakingham Palace Crew jump out as the invention lands on the ground.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, my gosh! Everybody, it's Li'l Saul and the Breakingham Palace Crew!
Li'l Saul: Oy, poi, poi and a deetle, deetle, deetle!
(Breakingham Palace Crew starts dancing as a boombox plays music.)
Doofenshmirtz: (Dancing) This party's gonna be off the hook!
(Linda opens the door; the camera pans to Doofenshmirtz dancing then at Carl.)
Carl: It's not how it looks!
Linda: (enters the apartment) Uh, I think this is your... hat. I'll just be leaving now.
(Linda gives Carl the fedora, backs out of the apartment, and then closes the door.)
Well, this day couldn't get any weirder.
(Her cell phone rings and she sees that it's Candace.)
Well, I'm about to be proven wrong. (at Candace) Hi, Candace.
Candace: (In backyard) Mom! Mom! The cheese mountain remains, but the people have fled en masse!
Linda: (Getting into elevator) What are you talking about? What people?

Narrator: 5 minutes earlier.

(in the backyard)
(People runs out of Cheesetopia screaming from the swollen-up Monogram.)
Major Monogram: Come back! Wait! High five! Hey, don't leave me hanging!
Candace: (Talking on phone) Mom! Cheese! Huge! Scary! Home! Now!
Major Monogram: High five!
Candace: What happened to that guy?

Narrator: 15 minutes earlier.

(At D.E.I.)
Carl: (Talking to Monogram via wrist communicator) Sir, I think Agent P is working for... Sir? (Sees Monogram about to eat cheese in a contest at Cheesetopia) No! Don't do it! Don't do it!
(The cheese-eating contest begins and Monogram starts eating cheese and swelling up) No!
Doofenshmirtz: (Snatches Carl's wrist communicator and placing it on the table) We'll have none of that, Mr. Squirrel Man. Besides, you're too late.
Ever since Perry the Platypus quit your agency to become my butler, I have been freed up to create my ultimate inator, the Vaporizer-inator! With my mind now clear, I stumbled upon a scientific fact.
(Images show on screen behind Doofenshmirtz as he talks.)
Every object on Earth, when heated to a certain temperature, evaporates! With this, I'll be able to vaporize things at will, and create all kinds of mayhem! I'm a genius! (At audience) For realsies this time. (At Perry) Now, to your station, Perry the Butler!
(Perry begins to run on the hamster wheel, starting up the inator.)
Get ready, boys! When this baby powers up, it's gonna get hot in here!
(Rips off lab coat, leaving him in just his underwear, socks, and shoes.)
Carl: (Looking away) Happy place! Happy place!
Doofenshmirtz: Let's find our first target. How about... all the sand at the beach! (Sees that nobody is at the beach.) Wait. Hey, where is everybody?

Narrator: 25 minutes earlier.

(at the Flynn-Fletcher home where a tarp is covering something big.)
(Many people are either in a line or in the backyard.)
Phineas: Wow! I think this is the biggest turn-out we had all summer. Eh, Buford?
Buford: Yep. It couldn't get any cheddar than this.
(Phineas, Isabella and Baljeet start applauding wildly at him)
Phineas: Oh, bravo! Bravo!
Baljeet: How do you keep coming up with them?
Phineas: Showtime, Ferb!
(Ferb removes the tarp off the invention, revealing Cheestopia.)
Crowd: Ooh! Ooh!
Phineas: (At crowd) Cheesetopia is now open!
(People all cheer, hurry inside, and celebrate and play on all the different cheese-related activities inside.)

(Song: "Cheesetopia")
♪ My fever starts to climb up above hundred degrees ♪
♪ When I fly through the breeze with ease upon my cheese trapeze ♪
♪ They know the cheese with ease-box squeeze, that is my expertise ♪
♪ Cheesetopia! Cheesetopia! ♪

♪ Your cheese in wildest dreams become reality, ♪
♪ Your fantasies of melted cheese up to your knees ♪
♪ Please try some cheddar peas and taste the Gouda cheese ♪
♪ Cheesetopia! (Cheesetopia) ♪
♪ Ahh Cheesetopia (Cheesetopia) ♪
♪ Ahhh! ♪

Phineas: It's like Utopia, with cheese!

Major Monogram: (In Cheesetopia, looking around.) Cheese? Cheese?
Isabella: Our cheese eating contest is about to begin!
Major Monogram: Cheese!
Carl: (Via Monogram's wrist communicator) Sir! Oh, why isn't he answering?
(Scene shifts to D.E.I.)
Oh, Agent P. If only you had your hat.

Narrator: 20 minutes earlier.

(Carl hangs onto the balcony of Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc. with Perry's fedora, but it eventually floats away.)
Carl: Shoot!

(Song: "Perry's Hat")
♪ Perry's hat, floats on the wind ♪
♪ I wonder where it is going? ♪
♪ Is there a head, it will anoint? ♪
♪ Is this herring red or a plot point? ♪
♪ Perry's hat ♪

(Perry's fedora lands at Linda's feet, and Linda immediately picks it up. She then looks up and notices Carl as he hangs onto the balcony.)
Linda: That squirrel man dropped his hat. I should return it. I wonder what's he's doing up there.
Carl: Oh, well. I've got to find out what happened to Agent P.
(He gets into the apartment and hides behind something. Perry, who is busy dusting, notices him.)
Carl: (gasps; then ducks down)
(Perry tugs on Doofenshmirtz's pants then points with the feather duster.)
Carl: (shudders; runs off)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, and I just sprayed for squirrel men. (Doofenshmirtz activates a trap that Carl runs into.) Well, now, it appears that fate has dumped our mysterious guest like an immense pile of assorted "cheeses" onto the "lawn" of my evil lab. (pause) Yeah, I know it's a strange metaphor, but I stand by it.
Carl: Oh, Agent P, what have you been up to?

Narrator: 25 minutes earlier.

(Agent P is seen doing multiple tasks while Doofenshmirtz is seen experimenting, finishing with Perry taking the trash out.)
Doofenshmirtz: Very good, Perry the Butler. The trash chute is right down the hall. (gasps; notices Agent P's fedora lying on the ground) Hey wait, you forgot... (Picks up fedora) Oh, look at this thing, huh? Such memories! All the adventures, the excitement, the pummeling, the thwarting... Oh. You know, I'm feeling rather sentimental about it. (Tosses Perry's fedora off the balcony) Oh, well!
(The fedora floats through the air and lands outside of Squirrel Con, where Carl and other people are standing in line.)
Man (in Squirrel Costume): Man, am I pumped for Squirrel Con!
Carl: Yeah! With everyone in costume there won't be any baleful looks of judgement. (Picks up Perry's fedora) Hey, this is Agent P's hat. There must be something wrong. (Calls Monogram through his wrist communicator) Major Monogram, we have a problem. (Shows Perry's fedora to Major Monogram) Look!
Major Monogram: Well, that doesn't look good. You can clearly see your zipper in the costume!
Carl: No! Agent P's hat.
Major Monogram: Oh, well, then, maybe you should look into it.
Carl: Me? Like a real agent? Yes, sir!
Major Monogram: As for me, I'm off to Cheesetopia! (Shows Carl a Cheesetopia poster.) It's Utopia, with cheese!
Carl: Sir, you remember what happens when you eat cheese?
Major Monogram: Uh, I've been cleared by doctors. Anyways, good luck, Carl.
Carl: Yes! Squirrel Con will have to wait!
Man (in Squirrel Costume): Poor guy. I finished my deliveries early so I wouldn't have to miss this!

Narrator: 6 hours earlier.

Delivery Man: (In delivery truck, with his squirrel costume next to him) Last delivery of the day!
Phineas: (Behind truck, directing as truck places lots of cheese on the lawn) Okay! Just dump it right there like a caged guy in a squirrel costume! (At Ferb, who's standing next to him) What? I stand by that metaphor. (At Baljeet) All right, Baljeet, I need you to help Ferb with the foundation!
Baljeet: (Rolling a cheese wheel as Ferb balances on it) I am on it!
Phineas: Isabella, you and the Fireside Girls spread the word!
Isabella: (Salutes; is standing with other Fireside Girls as they all hold giant piles of pamphlets) Girls, get ready to get our Flyer Delivery Patches!
Adyson: (As they walk off) Again?
Isabella: Is there something you'd like to say, Adyson?
Phineas: And Buford, keep the cheese puns comin'!
Buford: (Sitting on a pile of cheese, eating) Sounds Gouda to me!
Phineas: Excellent!
Buford: (Sniffing) All right, who cut the cheese?
Baljeet: (As he and Ferb cut slices of smelly cheese, wearing gas masks) Sorry.

Narrator: 2 minutes earlier.

Candace: (Talking on phone while sitting in front of her computer) And then I typed in LOL, but it came out LOP, and Jeremy thought I meant... (sniffs the air) What's that smell? I'll call you later, Stacy. (Hangs up and looks out window, seeing cheese delivery.) Cheese, huh? That warrants a call to Mom! (Perry flies by on his jet-pack as she begins to dial.) What was that?

Narrator: 10 minutes earlier.

(Phineas, Ferb, Isabella, and Baljeet laugh as Buford looks triumphant.)
Phineas: Ah, cheese. (Noticing Perry's disappearance) Hey, where's Perry?
(Perry falls into the seat in his lair, looking at the monitor.)
Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P. (Perry realizes the camera is zoomed in very close on Monogram's face.) Sorry about the extreme close-up. Carl's off today, and for the life of me I can't figure out how to work this thing. Anyway, we have reason to believe Doofenshmirtz is up to no good. Again, since Carl is out, I'll have to do the visual reference myself. (clears throat; begins to draw on pieces on paper, showing his pictures to Agent P.) He's recently purchased a small tux, a silver tray, and a pair of white gloves. Heh heh, I traced my hand for that one. Ooh, check this out! (Monogram draws details of a turkey on the hand.) Look, it's Agent T! (Perry glares then looks up in shock; Monogram leans down) What, too soon?
(Perry flies out of a hole in the ground using his jet-pack, crossing in front of Candace's window as he goes. Monogram, back on the lair monitor, sniffs the air.)
Major Monogram: Cheese?

Narrator: 15 minutes earlier.

(Phineas, Ferb, Isabella, Buford, and Baljeet stand in the backyard.)
Phineas: Why cheese?
Buford: 'Cause cheese is cool no matter how you slice it! (Sees no one is reacting.) What, am I provolone on this?
Phineas: No, I guess it's as good an idea as any. Nice cheese puns, by the way.
Buford: That's nothin'. I've already got a whole list of 'em.
Phineas: Besides, with the change in plans, we had nothing else prepared.
Isabella: Yeah, what did happen to your first invention?

Narrator: 5 minutes earlier.

(Candace runs up to Phineas and Ferb's original invention, which is sitting in the backyard. She is yelling to her mom, who is leaving off-screen.)
Candace: Wait, Mom, don't leave yet! Li'l Saul and the entire Breakingham Palace Crew are in here! (Knocking on invention) Come on, I know you're in there, Saul!
Computer: (Beginning to shake) "Joy" located.
Candace: Uh...
Li'l Saul: (As invention flies away) Oy, poi, poi, poi and a deetle deetle deetle!
Candace: (Calling back to her mom) Never mind! Have fun running errands!
Phineas: (Walking in the backyard with Ferb and his friends) But Saul and his crew were unemployed, and so I finally found them full-time in my celebration-seeking rocket. It hones in on joy, activates, and is guaranteed to kick any party up to an 11! Hey, where'd it go?
Candace: Now ya know how I feel. (walks away)
Ferb: Well, wherever it landed, I hope they can handle a party of that magnitude.

Narrator: Back to the present.

(Doofenshmirtz's apartment is now filled with people dancing along with Li'l Saul and the Breakingham Palace Crew.)
Doofenshmirtz: I'm not sure I can handle a party of this magnitude! (At Perry) Either way, we've got enough power for the inator now, Perry the Butler, you'd better tend to the guests.
(Perry gets off the hamster wheel and begins serving drinks to people, then stops by Carl's cage.)
Carl: Agent P, (spills the drink on Perry's tux) how could you have turned to the dark side? How could you have forsaken all that's good and right to be that maniac's butler? You don't belong in that uniform! You belong in this hat! (Carl takes Agent P's fedora and puts it on Perry's head, who looks at it, confused.) See?
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus! You have grape juice on your shirt. I can't have my manservant looking like a street urchin. You should go clean up before it sets. (Perry gives Carl the fedora back and walks away.) Ugh, it's so hard to get good help these days, even when you ride 'em like a bicycle.
(Carl looks at Perry's fedora worriedly. Meanwhile, Perry walks into the bathroom and begins to clean off the stain. He opens up his shirt to see "I Fight Evil" written backwards on his chest. He flashes back to earlier in the day, when Doofenshmirtz had Perry trapped in his Butler-inator.)
Doofenshmirtz: (As the Butler-inator takes measurements of Perry) When my Butler-inator is finished with you, not only will you have a perfectly-tailored uniform and wig, but you'll actually think you are my butler! You won't even remember that you fight evil for a living!
(As Doofenshmirtz's last line echoes, Perry writes "I Fight Evil" backwards on his chest, which reflects on the Butler-inator's mirror in front of him. Back to the present.)
Doofenshmirtz: ...you fight evil...
(Perry, minus the wig, gloves, and tux, bursts out of the bathroom, grabs his fedora from Carl and puts it on. Doofenshmirtz is busy dancing with the Breakingham Palace Crew.)
Doofenshmirtz: Man, you really kick this party up to an 11, man! (Perry knocks Doofenshmirtz to the ground.) Perry the Platypus, what's gotten into you? (Perry shows him the words on his chest.) "Thait I live"? What's that, some new band? (Perry grabs a mirror and Doofenshmirtz gasps.) Oh, "I fight evil"! Very clever. You wrote a note to yourself in the future. (Perry jumps at Doofenshmirtz again and begins to drag him across the floor.) I would not have predicted that.

(At the Flynn-Fletcher house, Linda has just pulled into the driveway. Candace is there to meet her.)
Candace: Mom! Mom! Mom! Cheese! Cheese! Cheese!

(Long horror sting. At D.E.I., Perry hits Doofenshmirtz into the Vaporizer-inator, which shoots off into the backyard, causing Cheesetopia to evaporate just as Candace pulls Linda into the backyard and gestures proudly, eyes closed.)

Linda: Candace, you know, we do have a nice backyard. (At this point, Candace opens her eyes) Although, I never noticed that cheese smell before. (walks away)
(Candace just stays there, staring.)

(Scene shifts to D.E.I.; Perry throws a chair into the Vaporizer-inator, causing it to break and have the lights at the party shut down.)
Doofenshmirtz: My inator!
Li'l Saul: (Looking at the joy meter on Phineas and Ferb's invention) Oy, the joy. It drops. Time for us to go already! (He and the Breakingham Palace Crew jump into the invention and it files away.) Oy, poi, poi, poi and a deetle, deetle, deetle!
Man at party: Well, no Saul, no ball. Let's split. (All the people at the party begin to leave.)
Doofenshmirtz: (Lying on the ground) Wait, wait. I was just about to break out the bubble machine! (Perry flies out of the building on his hang glider with Carl hanging from his feet as Doofenshmirtz yells after them.) Curse you, Perry the Platypus! And you, too, large squirrel man creature hybrid thing!

(Phineas and his friends walk into the backyard.)
Phineas: Huh. Who would've thought a high-fiving swollen guy would've scared everyone off like that? (Everyone notices Cheestopia is gone and gasps, running over to where it used to be.)
Isabella: I don't get it. Cheesetopia was just here!
Buford: Huh, that's Swiss-picious! Well, I did it! A hundred cheese puns! (Seeing Perry walk up to them) Oh, and look, there's Perry! (Buford looks at the audience and bows.) And, scene.

Doofelations Season 3:148 | Mom's in the House

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪

(Perry is flying on mechanical bat wings)
Major Monogram: Morning, Agent P, and welcome to our new Evil Science Readiness Program. You just keep circling Doof's building, and the second Doofenshmirtz is ready to begin his scheme, you'll be there. It doesn't leave a lot of time for friends and family, (Perry looks a bit sad) but -- we feel the dramatic decrease in response time could well be worth it.

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: What is he doing up there, just flying around in circles, uhh. It gives me the creeps! Well, it worked out in my favor anyway because, turn, close latch, I'm finally ready to begin my scheme!
(Perry knocks Doofenshmirtz to the ground, but flies into a birdcage)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha! You want to be a bird? Is that what you want? Well, this is what we do with birds, we put them in a cage. Can you speak, little birdy? Hello? Say, "Hello, Perry want a cracker." (Perry bites his finger) Ow! Bad bird! That would not have happened to me if I was smarter, which brings me to my new inator. The Duplicator-inator 2! You know what they say about two heads are better than one, right? Well, I will duplicate my head, and become twice as smart! And look, I even did some recycling by using my old microwave oven. (opens door) Baked potato? Eh, maybe later. (closes door) All my life I've been a zero, but when I have two heads, I'm gonna be twice that! You'll see!
(Perry chatters)

(back to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, let's try this. (fires the inator at his head and laughs) At last, I am --
(The Doofenshmirtz head falls to the ground and screams)
Doofenshmirtz head: Don't just stand there, pick me up!
(Doofenshmirtz picks the head up)
Both: Well, hello, handsome!

(At D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: I don't understand, I really thought two heads were better than one, you know, for the thinking. But I can't think of anything!
Both: Maybe we need a break. We keep doing that! I know, it's so funny! Ahhh! we did it again! And again!
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, knock it off. Let's play with our inator for a while!
(A ray from the inator hits a table with vase, cloning it.)
Doofenshmirtz head: (chuckles) Now, this is fun!
Doofenshmirtz: I know, right? (laughs)
(a desk chair and shower head are cloned)
Doofenshmirtz head: Look! Two more heads. Ha ha! Look at Perry and his little arms, aren't they adorable?
Doofenshmirtz: You're right, let's make more.
(they laugh while cloning one of Perry's arms, making another.)
Doofenshmirtz head: Oh, look! A little arm that can move around on its own, (the arm frees Perry) It's got its own volition. I did not expect that. Wait, you dummkopf! Look what you've done! (the arm attacks him)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, who's the Dummkopf now, Dummkopf?
Doofenshmirtz head: Hit him! Hit him!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, good idea! (repeatedly fires the ray at Perry, cloning his arms and tail)
Doofenshmirtz head: Not with the ray, you nincompoop! Oh, point that somewhere else!
Doofenshmirtz: (turns the inator around) Like this? (repeatedly fires ray) How is this helping? I don't understand your logic.

(Switch back to D.E.I. Perry motions to his arms to attack Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Uh...distract them for me!
Doofenshmirtz head: Yeah, I'll give them a licking they'll never forget!
Doofenshmirtz: Good one!
Doofenshmirtz head: Thanks! (a few of the arms tickle him, he laughs) That tickles! Quit it! (grunts)
Doofenshmirtz: (runs up to the inator but the arms pull him back) Noooooooo! Oh, you guys are so annoying. You're kinda cute, though. (two of the arms punch him) Get off!
(Perry gestures to two of his now-cloned tails to attack Doofenshmirtz)Tails? What are they gonna do, wag me into submission? Well, you're too late, Perry the Platypus!
(Doofenshmirtz zaps his head with the inator, cloning six more Doofenshmirtz heads)Heads, I win, tails, you lose!
Doofenshmirtz head 2: Really? That's the best you got?
Doofenshmirtz head 6: Kinda obvious.
Doofenshmirtz head 7: Juvenile.
Doofenshmirtz head 4: I liked it.
Doofenshmirtz heads 2, 3, 5, 6 and 7: You would!
Doofenshmirtz: You know, you guys are kind of annoying, too. GET HIM! (tosses heads at Perry)
(The heads yell as they fly, but Perry's heads and tails charge at them)
Doofenshmirtz head 2: You guys get phantom pains? I got a heck of one in my elbow right now.
(The arms and tails attack the heads, two heads grab Perry)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha ha!
(Perry whistles, one of the arms bounces off his tail to press the self destruct button on the inator)(gasps) NOOOOO!
(The arm disappears)
What? It just -- vanished? What's wrong with this thing? (looks at the microwave timer, it says "3:00") Oh, the microwave was on the "baked potato" setting, so I guess everything is just gonna last for three minutes. My bad!

(Back with Doofenshmirtz, fighting with two of Perry's arms)
Doofenshmirtz: (grunts) Ooh, I hate you, you little green -- (the arms punch him and disappear, he punches himself) Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. I don't have to do this anymore. (at Perry) Well, we still have you surrounded, Perry the Platypus.
Doofenshmirtz head 2: Hey, that disappearing thing's not gonna happen to us, is it?
(Doofenshmirtz heads 2, 3, 4, 6 and 7 disappear)
Doofenshmirtz head 5: Yeah, a microwave timer. Great idea. (disappears)
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, that's unfortunate.
Doofenshmirtz head: You're telling me?

(With Perry, he grabs a golf club.)
Doofenshmirtz head: Not the golf clubs, NOT THE GOLF CLUBS! (screams) SAVE ME!
Doofenshmirtz: There's a pun here, I know it.
Doofenshmirtz head: (continues screaming)
(Perry jumps over the Doofenshmirtz head)
Doofenshmirtz: He looks teed off! That's what it was! (turns around) Huh?
(Perry begins smashing the inator)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, no! My inator!
Doofenshmirtz head: We've got to do something.
Doofenshmirtz: You're right. (throws the head) Go get him.
(the head bounces off the inator and Perry fires it, the head bounces across the ground)
Doofenshmirtz head: Ouch! Ouch! Ow! Ow! Oh! Why couldn't I have disappeared before I hit the ground? Curse -- (disappears)
Doofenshmirtz: What? Now, I'll never know what he was going to say! (the inator explodes, Perry flies away) Oh, yeah, yeah, that.

Doofelations Season 3:149 | Perry The Actorpus

(In Perry's lair, Monogram is on the monitor looking through some papers when the phone beeps. He pauses and then pushes a button.)
Major Monogram: Mmm, hello?
Doofenshmirtz: (off-screen) Francis! Hi, it's me, Heinz.
(The screen splits and Doofenshmirtz shows up on the right side of the monitor.)
Doofenshmirtz: Have you seen Perry the Platypus?
Major Monogram: Dr. Doofenshmirtz, that information is highly classified and strictly confidential.
Doofenshmirtz: You have no idea where he is.
Major Monogram: Not a clue.
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, thanks!
Major Monogram: Oh, hey, hang on. Say, what kind of an evil scheme you got going on there today?
Doofenshmirtz: Well, it isn't so much an evil scheme as much as a childish prank, but I've invented a Mustache-inator! (pause) It gives people big, bushy, ridiculous-looking mustaches. Because, as we all know, there's nothing sillier than a big, bushy... (chuckles nervously) All right, uh, uh... But hey, you know, it looks good on you!

(Perry's lair; he enters it through a tube and lands on his chair. Monogram is back on the monitor and has unsuccessfully shaved his mustache off.)
Major Monogram: Oh, hello, Agent P. We have a situation. With all these new billboards up all over town, you've become too recognizable to be a secret agent. So we had to send Agent S to Doofenshmirtz's in your place. I'm sorry, but you're going to have to go on hiatus until your 15 minutes of fame are up.
(Perry salutes then sadly walks away)

(D.E.I.; Doofenshmirtz's lying on a couch pretending to use the Mustache-inator)
Doofenshmirtz: Pew! A handlebar. Pew! A pencil thin. Pew! Fu Manchu!
(knocking on door)
Well, now, who could that be? All right, already! (walks to the door) This better be important, or you are gonna get such a mustache...
(door gets knocked down)
(exclaims fearfully) Wait a minute. (pulls out magnifying glass from lab coat) Hmm, what do we have here? Oh, no, it's Sergei the Snail!
(Doofenshmirtz then proceeds to use a trap door and a cage, but with no luck.)
Hmm, well, this should be easy. You've fallen for my trap! (cackles) Huh? You may have survived that trap, but let's you escape the cage! Ha-ha! Oh, for Pete's sake! Will nothing stop you?

(D.E.I.; Sergei the Snail is now trapped in a ring of salt)
Doofenshmirtz: There! That ought to hold you. Lucky thing Mrs. Thompson had some salt I could borrow. (chuckles) Yeah. Yeah, consider yourself "a salted". Ah, man, I'm writing that one down. And now, to business. See that guy there with the beard?
(Camera pans to a man reading a newspaper on a nearby bench. Doofenshmirtz fires the Mustache-inator and the man now has a mustache.)
Pew! (cackles) Actually, that was kind of a letdown.

(Back at D.E.I.; close-up of Doofenshmirtz holding the Mustache-inator)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha! Did you see that? I just put a mustache on that dog's...
(Camera pans to Perry with arms akimbo standing next to the trapped Sergei the Snail.)
(gasps) Perry the Platypus, you're back!
(Camera pans back to Doofenshmirtz.)
What a guy! Not so famous you can't stop by to trounce an old nemesis, are you, huh? But you can't!
(Doofenshmirtz walks to Perry and Agent S holding a manual)
It's against the O.W.C.A. by-laws. (puts on reading glasses)
(While Doofenshmirtz continues talking, Perry frees Sergei the Snail from the salt trap. The snail agent then makes his way towards the evil scientist.)
And I quote, "No additional agents are allowed to thwart any single evil scientist if said first agent assigned is still well and able to carry out his duties." And though surrounded by salt, Sergei the Snail is technically still "on duty," so as long as I have him trapped, you can't touch me! It's all here in black and... Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
(Despite his size, Agent S proceeds to use some martial arts skills on Doofenshmirtz.)
(after hitting a wall) Ow, that snail is dynamite!

(At D.E.I., Agent S finally has Doofenshmirtz "pinned" down on the floor)
Doofenshmirtz: Just for the record, Perry the Platypus, I was thwarted by Sergei the Snail, not you! You don't get any credit for this.
(Camera pans to Perry, who just used the Mustache-inator)
Hey, what are you doing?
(Mustaches appears on all the Totally Tools billboards)

(Back at D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, that was interesting. You defaced yourself. (pause) I didn't see that coming. To be honest, you have lost me completely.
(Perry uses the Mustache-inator again and a ray zaps a mustache on Doofenshmirtz's face)
Hey! (stammering) Wow, I look just like my grandfather, Jose Doofenshmirtz. I mentioned him before. It's... it's a weird story. I'll tell you later. You know, after I shave.
(Perry uses a wrench to destroy the Mustache-inator)
Hey, what are you...
(Perry then leaves using his hang-glider.)
Oh, curse you, Perry the Mustachioed Tool Spokespus!

Doofelations Season 3:150 | Let's Bounce

(Perry walks down the stairs to the basement and jumps through the middle step parachuting into his lair)
Major Monogram: Ah, Agent P. Doofenshmirtz was spotted this morning leaving this building with a shopping list. On the list were four items: eggs, vitamins, ice and leeks. Innocent enough until you realize, it is a recipe for...evil. Get out there and make sure he never serves that dish.
(Perry salutes and rockets out)

(At the hardware store)
Phineas: Excuse me sir, Where do you keep the reverse switches?
Store employee: Right behind ya'. Next to that guy buying self-destruct buttons.
Doofenshmirtz Aw sweet, fifty cents off with coupon.

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated ♪
Doofenshmirtz Recording: Good morning Perry the Platypus. I had to step out for a moment, but please, help yourself to some gnosh. Eggs, vitamins, ice, or leaks. I have no idea what you platypuses eat, but whatever you do, don't destroy my new evil -inator. (Perry takes a nearby sledge hammer and go to destroy the -inator, however, Perry's feet get trapped in braces) A-ha! You're trapped! A-hahahaha Sucker!
Doofenshmirtz: Do you like it Perry the Platypus? It's my new Tell-the-Truth-inator! One blast from this baby, and people will be forced to tell the truth. It features an Abe Lincoln robot. He doesn't actually serve any functional purpose, he just decoration. He's, he's thematically linked to honesty. Y-You know through his nickname "Honest Abe". But enough about me, let me ask you this. Have you ever wondered what it is that holds the fabric of society together? No it's no cooperation, or trust or any of that stuff hippies want you to believe, it's lies. All the little white lies we tell each other. For you see Perry the Platypus...

(Song: "Lies")
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Lies are the glue that hold society together ♪
People lie about their mileage, they lie about the weather ♪
They lie to spare each other's feelings ♪
They lie to stay in bed ♪
They lie to feel important, about all the books that they've read ♪

Woman: You look good in that hat.
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Lies! ♪
Man: I don't think you have too many cats.
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Lies! ♪
Man 2: Your hair looks nice when it's up like that.
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Lies! ♪
Lies, lies, lies! ♪

Woman 2: Oh dear, the house looks great.
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Lies! ♪
Blay'n: You haven't put on any weight.
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Lies! ♪
Woman 3: Oh, I thought you said eight.
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Lies! ♪
♪ Lies, lies, lies! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: Did ya' hear that high note? That was the A above middle C, not too shabby.

Baseball Announcer: It's a beautiful day for a ball game!
Doofenshmirtz: (On his flying platform) But it won't be a beautiful day for long. Not after they all start tell the truth about each other. I'll start with that hotdog guy down there. Wait 'till the world hears what's in those things. And fire!
Vendor: Hotdogs, get your hotdogs! (He gets zapped) They're aren't really any hotdogs in here, I just wanted to get into the game for free.
Doofenshmirtz: Huh, I didn't see that one coming. Let's just see what the players have to say.
(He shoots the catcher)
Catcher: Here comes a fastball.
Batter: Thanks pal. (He hits the ball sending it flying, up to where Doofenshmirtz is, and knocking the Abe Lincoln robot)
Baseball Announcer: And it's out of here!
Abe Lincoln Robot: Malfunctioning. Loyalties shifting.
Doofenshmirtz: Let's see what embarrassing truths that women who's holding that unusually large hand mirror has to say. (He fires, but the rays bounces back and hits Doofenshmirtz) Secretly I'm very lonely. Where did that come from?!

Abe Robot: It is all together fitting and proper that I must destroy Doofenshmirtz.
(The robot comes towards Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: No! Get back! Ahhh!
Abe Robot: Must destroy Doofenshmirtz.
Doofenshmirtz: (While hiding behind Perry) He's gonna John Wilkes my Booth! (a beat) What, to soon?
(The Abe Robot continues to chase Doofenshmirtz, and Perry takes out a screwdriver, and begins to free himself)

Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, do something! He's going to emancipate my proclamation!
(The Abe Robot throws Doofenshmirtz off of the platform, fortunately for Doofenshmirtz, he lands on one of Phineas and Ferb's trampolines, and bounces back up)
Doofenshmirtz: (While bouncing) What's up Honest Abe? Looks like the old Doofster's a little too, smart for y-- (The Abe Lincoln robot grabs Doofenshmirtz from the air) Oh, hehehe, hi, you.

Doofenshmirtz: No! No! Get off!
Abe Robot: Honest Abe Lincoln Smash!
(The robot smashes the control panel for the platform, causing it to fly around, with no control)
Doofenshmirtz: Now look what you've done. We're out of control!
(Perry finally frees himself, and uses his parachute to escape)

Candace: Well... the truth is...
(Suzy gets hit with a stray beam from Doofenshmirtz's -inator.)
Suzy: I've been trying to make Candace look bad all morning!
Mrs. Johnson: Suzy!
Suzy: I mean, bubble!

(Doofenshmirtz struggles for control of the platform, managing to pull it out of a nose dive, however, the he also pulled off the entire steering mechanism, making the platform completely out of control)

(The Tell-the-Truth-inator platform continues to fly around with no control, picking up the floating trampolines left by Phineas and Ferb.)
Doofenshmirtz: Curse you Honest Abe Lincoln!

Phineas: Looks like it worked Ferb, Candace is just standing there, talking and pointing. Oh, now looks like they're coming out here. hey! Let's show them our anti-gravity maximus!
(That's the cue for Doofenshmirtz's out of control platform to swoop down and stab up the anti-gravity Maximus, taking it away. Candace drags her mom to the backyard at just the right moment to not see anything.)
Candace: It's right out here Mom...It was right here!
Linda: What am I looking at, Candace?
Candace: It was a machine that made me weightless, it, it... Suzy tell them.
Suzy: (pause) Bubble!
Candace: Ugh, you heard her, bubble.

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ People say that it's all right ♪
♪ They're only trying to be polite ♪
♪ But even though they're little and white ♪
♪ They're lies ♪
♪ Yes, everyone says it's alright ♪
♪ And I don't want to start a fight ♪
♪ But you know the ties that bind us tight are ♪
♪ Lies! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: Not too shabby.

Doofelations Season 3:151 | Bully Bromance Breakup

(Scene opens up at a store called "Stor". Baljeet is at the check-out counter with underpants)
Baljeet: Another week's allowance replacing wedgied underwear. If I had anything left, I would invest in the company.
Buford: (runs into the store and gives Baljeet a wedgie) Wedgie time! Thanks for savin' my place in line, nerd!
Baljeet: (annoyed) Buford, how did you find me?
Buford: Let's just say the initials are G, P, and S.
Grocer: Next!
Buford: (handing up his items) A pack of Tuff Gum, and this cheese grater.
Baljeet: What is the cheese grater for?
Buford: You'll see.
Grocer: $4.86. Paper or plastic?
Buford: Plastic. Pay the man, propeller-head.
Baljeet: (growls) That is it! I can put up with noogies, wedgies, wet willies, and even the fact that you apparently have placed a tracking device on, or inside, my person, but I will not tolerate your ignorant decision to take plastic over paper! From this moment on, I am no longer your nerd!! (storms out)
Buford: Aaah, fine! I was feeling creatively stifled by you anyway! (at grocer) And you! You just cost me a perfectly good nerd! Maybe I'll make you my new nerd.
Grocer: 'Wow. Your pressure tactics are quite developed for a youngster.
Buford: Yes. Yes, they are. But some people...don't APPRECIATE THAT!
Grocer: Y-you may be the most intimidating person I-I've ever met.
Buford: You better believe it!
Doofenshmirtz: (pops up from behind a nearby stand)
Grocer: You could probably bully the entire Tri-State Area!
Doofenshmirtz: (excitedly) I'm getting tingly!

(Switches to a dry cleaners store)
Buford: I can see I'll be helping you take over the Tri-State Area; would afford me many new bullying opportunities. But what's with the back-story, dude? I mean, who needs a special reason to boss people around?
Doofenshmirtz: I never thought of it like that. We'll get started as soon as I pick up some fresh lab coats. These have got scorch marks all over them.
Buford: (starts pushing people out of line) Out of my way, melonheads! Move it, or never use it!
Doofenshmirtz: Wow, this kid's always on the clock!
(Perry steps in, but quickly hides upon seeing Buford)
Buford: Give Dr. Toothenhurtz here his lab coats, Bright Eyes!
Cashier: I'm sorry, we have a line here. You might want to use it.
Buford: And you might wanna rethink that! I mean, it would be a shame if this double-Dutch chocolate mocha espresso you've been drinking, were to, say, I don't know, splishy-splash all over those prissy-clean lab coats you've got back there.
Customer in line: Hold me!
Cashier: You wouldn't dare!
Buford: Try me.
(the two stare at each other; the latter being angry, while the former being frightened)
Doofenshmirtz: (gasps)
Cashier: Fine! Take your dry-cleaning and go!
Doofenshmirtz: (as they walk off down the street while Perry watches nervously) Who would've thought that after all these years, all I needed to take over the Tri-State Area was a grammar-school goon. A ham-handed half-pint. A knee-high ne'er-do-well. A pint-size palooka. A pushy prepubescent.
Buford: Are you done?
Doofenshmirtz Nah, I've got one more. (beat) A pipsqueak pugilist. Okay, now I'm done.

(A montage plays in which Buford intimidates anyone standing in Doofenshmirtz's path, including a man about to park in the only available parking space, a man hosing the sidewalk in front of them, and a bird casting its shadow on Doof as he sunbathes)

(Doofenshmirtz and Buford walk into Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc., where a model of the Tri-State Area is on a table in the middle of the room)
Buford: Dude, what's with the playset?
Doofenshmirtz: Playset? No, this is a non-scale model of the Tri-State Area.
Buford: So you play with dolls?
Doofenshmirtz: (as Perry jet-packs onto the balcony and hides in the rafters) Maaaybe.....but it also helps me visualize my scheme, it doesn't have to be used with dolls.....all the time. A-anyway, this is our headquarters, larger for the sake of clarity, and this, see this right here? This is my Sculptinator. This part will scan my body, and this part will shoot a beam which will then carve Danville Mountain into a lifelike statue of me! (lifts up the model of the mountain to reveal a model of a statue of him, but the statue has a lot of muscles) Visible for literally miles in every direction! Not scale miles, real miles. And then, when people see this splendid tower of manliness, they will just assume that I should be their leader. Look! Look how it captures the manly thickness of my neck.
Buford: (skeptically) That's you?
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah.
Buford: I think the cut of your lab coat is working against you.
Doofenshmirtz: I know, right? I've got to talk to my tailor about that.
Buford: Look, there's Baljeet's house! I'm gonna spit on it.
Doofenshmirtz: (as Buford drops a gob of spit on the plastic model of Baljeet's house) Y'know, I'm kind of surprised that we haven't had a visit from my nemesis yet. (Switch to show Perry hiding in the rafters, looking deeply uncomfortable) I'm sure he'll be along. I can't wait to see the look on his face when he gets a load of you.

(At Doofenshimrtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: Surprise! Matching outfits! It's John Phillips of London Bullywear. Plus, monogrammed jet-packs! Doof and Byoof! We rhyme.
Buford: Gee, thanks a lot! Wait till my friends get a load of me!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, you're not gonna need friends. You're gonna be on top of the heap! It's lonely at the top, but, you know, it's the top, so it dulls the ache. (He walks away. Buford looks surprised)

Doofenshmirtz: Wait a second, you're singing? I know what that means, you're leaving, aren't you?!
Buford: Sorry, Dr. Dooftinasian. But there comes a time when you don't wanna bully everyone. (He looks back dramatically, with a single tear falling from his eye) You just wanna bully someone you love.
(He flies away on his jet-pack)
Doofenshmirtz: Nice kid. Well, back to the inator-
(Perry swings down from the rafters and punches him, knocking him over)

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha! (slams down the Sculptinator start button, then poses) You're too late, Perry the Platypus! Ooh! Make sure to get my good side!
(Perry punches him in the face just as the Sculptinator shoots, making Doofenshmirtz's carving to be of his upturned face with a grotesque expression. The ice chalet is resting on the very tip of his carving's nose, although they don't know this)
Doofenshmirtz: No, Perry the Platypus, aww, you've ruined it! Where am I gonna get another mountain now? (Perry kicks him again and he goes over)

(Inside the ice chalet)
Isabella: Great job on the snow chalet, guys! It's amazing how the cocoa stays hot in these double-walled ice cups. How are you feeling, Phineas?
Phineas: (in an ice hot tub) Coming down now, coming down.
Baljeet: I myself am so down, I am in the basement. (The GPS button on his overalls starts blinking and Buford enters) Buford!
(Baljeet jumps up from the table and runs over to greet Buford)
Buford: As much as I'd like a tearful reunion, we gotta get off this mountain pronto!
Baljeet: Why?
(The neck of Doofenshmirtz's carving begins to crumble and the whole top of the mountain carving begins to tremble)
Buford: Let's just say if you want a neck like mine, you gotta start lifting young.
Baljeet: Before any of us move, I have got one last thing to do.
(It looks like he's going in for a hug, but he actually gives Buford a massive wedgie. Buford screams)
Baljeet: There, I feel much better. Do not you?
Buford: Wow. I had no idea that was so uncomfortable. I am so sorry.
(The ice chalet starts shaking harder)
Isabella: It's been great sharing this bonding moment with you two, but we need to get off this crumbling mountain now!
Phineas: Grab hold of something!
(The ice chalet bursts and everybody ends up grabbing onto Buford's now-parachute like underwear)
Buford: Do you ever get used to this?
Baljeet: Nope!
Isabella: I am totally gonna wash my hands after this. Twice.

(Back in D.E.I., Perry uses the scale model of the mountain and activates the Sculptinator to return it to normal)
Doofenshmirtz: (sounding bored) Who could've guessed it? It's back to normal. And explosion now. (Kaboom!) Yep. Just like that. Curse you, Perry the Platypus. Whatever.
♪ Perry! ♪

♪ There's a nerd shaped hole ♪
Baljeet: ♪ A bully sized hole ♪
Both: ♪ A big honking hole in my heart ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Wait a second, You're singing? I know what that means! You're leaving, aren't you?

Doofelations Season 3:152 | Quietest Day Ever

(Scene changes to Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: Agent P, we have a crisis. The Agency was going through Dr. Doofenshmirtz's trash this week when we found this. (shows a magazine with doodled on cover) Defaced magazine cover. Shameful! There were hundreds of similar defaced photos of good looking men, (shows a magazine of him on the cover with a devil face drawn onto it) including this handsome devil gracing the cover of Covert Lifestyles. My interest in this incident is purely professional, but put a stop to it!
♪ Dooby dooby do-wa ♪ (x2)
♪ Perry! ♪
Major Monogram: (sobbing) Wh-hy? WH-H-H-HY?

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪

(Perry flies into the lair but gets caught in a mechanical apple)
Doofenshmirtz: Hold on, Perry the Platypus, I'm just getting the mail. Oh, goody! It's my order from the Power Tool and Skeleton Key Warehouse. I was wondering when this was gonna—OH! Look! At! This! Every week, the mailman makes the same mistake and I end up getting my neighbor's HS Weekly. Here, hold this, Perry the Platypus, I need to rant. (puts mail in front of Perry) I hate all these good-looking models on the cover of Handsome and Symmetrical Magazine, mocking me with their manly perfection. Their perfect hair, their perfect skin, I hate it! And this, is why I created...the De-Handsome-inator! Soon, all these good looking faces will be hideous! (Perry, free, punches him) Ow! Wait, did you use the skeleton key or was it the power tools?
(Perry starts taking wires out of the De-Handsome-inator)
Doofenshmirtz: Just for that, I'm not gonna tell you why the apple --
(Doof unwittingly slams the De-Handsome-nator's switch, setting it to "Not". The inator zaps him, making his face look like a handsome hunk)
Doofenshmirtz: Ugh, you know, I don't have the energy for this. It's still early, do you wanna go grab some lunch? Come on. I skipped breakfast this morning. (he and Perry walk out) You like eggs?

(Doofenshmirtz is walking down the street.)
Doofenshmirtz: I need to stop at the bank, I-I don't have any cash.
(people start to notice him)
Woman 1: Ah... (faints)
Man 1: (opens bank door for Doofenshmirtz) It's an honor, sir! A real honor! I can't wait to tell my wife!
Woman 2: Ooh, are you famous? You look like a model, are you an actor? You go first, I can wait!
Man 2: Please, I'm just getting some cash to pay medicine for my kids.
Doofenshmirtz: (at the bank teller) Yes, uh, hello. I just need to make a withdrawal from my account, please.
Bank teller: (gives him money bags) Here, take this. It's on us.
Doofenshmirtz: No, no. J-just enough for lunch.

(At the Bistro restaurant)
Waitress: Sparkling sider?
Water: Scrambled eggs? That's real lobster in there.
Photographer: Preserve the moment! (takes his picture)
Doofenshmirtz: Can you believe the service in this place, Perry the Platypus?
Photographer: Here you go! All framed. (gives him the picture takes
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, ah, thank you! Eh -- (sees his picture) Heh heh, see, this isn't me. This is just the superhumanly attractive male model that came with the frame. I mean, look at this guy, right? That's funny, he's wearing a lab coat just like me -- (Perry holds up a mirror) Uhhhh?! Oh, this is horrible! I can't be handsome! It's -- it's everything I despise! Don't you understand? Beautiful people, they—they just get everything they want in the world. I mean, watch this. Hey, lady, nice baby.
Woman 3: You want him? He likes you better.
Doofenshmirtz: No, I don't want your baby. (at Perry) You see, Perry the Platypus, the unfair advantage good-looking people have? (becomes conceited) Heeeey?! (at a man) If I ran for Mayor, would you vote for me?
Man 3: Over and over again.
Man 4: No, elections are for ugly people. I'm sure they'd just give him the mayorship.
Doofenshmirtz: Ya think?
Policeman: Sure, you've already got a sizeable mob, and I bet we could pick up a couple thousand more on the way.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, okay, then! On to City Hall!
(the townsfolk cheer, Perry worries, then walks off)

(Doofenshmirtz is walking down the streets, looking smart and handsome himself)
(Song: "I'm Handsome")

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ My jaw is rugged ♪
♪ My hair is wavy ♪
♪ My eyes they twinkle and shine ♪

Man 5: My company wants to give you a life time supply of our distinctive hand mirrors.
Doofenshmirtz: Send them over. (he's handsome)

Woman 4: I'm gonna name all my children after you even though they're already in college.
Doofenshmirtz: Nice! (he's handsome)

(At City Hall...)
Roger: Well, well, well Heinz. At the age of 47, you've finally grown into your looks!
Doofenshmirtz: Yes. Yes, I have.
Roger: In fact, it would be our pleasure to suspend democracy and make you our Supreme Leader.
(crowd cheers)
Roger: Do you have any questions, yo-o-o-ou handsome devil?
Doofenshmirtz: Hmm, how is my hair?
(crowd laughs)
Woman 5: He's handsome and funny!

(Perry goes to D.E.I. and pushes the De-Handsome-inator to the balcony, setting it to "Ugly". He tries to aim it, but a hot air balloon in the shape of Doofenshmirtz's head blocks the way. Several other hot air balloons float up, in one of them is a couple)
Woman 6: This'll be the perfect place to watch the coronation!
Man 6: I can't believe how fast they mass-produced these commemorative hot air balloons.
(Perry is worried, the doorbell rings)
Delivery man: Hand mirror delivery!

(Roger is ready to crown Doofenshmirtz.)
Roger: And now, I finally pronounce you...
(Perry chatters)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, Perry the Platypus, I'm so glad you're here to see this.
(Perry holds up a remote)
Doofenshmirtz: What's that? My inator remote? You're wasting your time. There's no way you'll get a clear line of fire from my place to here, what with all hose commemorative hot air balloons in the way. How do they mass-produce those so fast? 
(Perry presses the remote, the De-Handsome-inator fires the hand mirror attached to the back of one of the balloons, another off a mailbox, a third off a building, off a pack of cars, off another mirror carried by a pigeon, and through the crowd until it finally hits Doofenshmirtz, reverting him to his old, ugly self)
Roger: Ew.
(everyone groans)
Man 7: He suddenly looks so...unqualified.
Policeman: Please disperse, nothing handsome to see here.
Woman 7: Hey, let's go look at fashion magazines!
Woman 8: Yeah, that sounds great.
(everyone leaves)

(Back at Town Hall...)
Roger: So sorry. It looks like your small window of fleeting beauty is now gone. (leaves)
Doofenshmirtz: I don't understand! How—how is possible? Uh -- you did this, Perry the Platypus!
(He fires a ray but Perry blocks it with another hand mirror, causing the ray to go in the reverse order of the firing tree right back to the De-Handsome-inator, causing its switch to slide to "Not" as it explodes, releasing one final ray)

(In the backyard...)
Phineas: Coming, bro?
(the final ray is seen flashing by them)
Ferb: D'you ever notice in a certain light Buford looks...handsome?
(Both turn to Buford, who has a handsome face like Doofenshmirtz's from before)
Buford: It's a blessing, and a curse.

Doofelations Season 3:153 | The Doonkelberry Imperative

(At the front door, a package from OWCA falls through the pet door. Perry notices an envelope on the package, and opens it, revealing a letter)
Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P, and welcome to the field test of our new talking letter. As you can see, it looks like a normal letter, except for this strange gibberish text that no one can read, and the obvious fact that it's got a little talking photo of-- Actually, this is a silly idea. I mean, we had to mail this last Tuesday. Plus, it's really just dumb-lucked that no one has picked up the mail first. Well, whatever. Open the box, Agent P.
(Perry opens the box, revealing German-esque overalls and an OWCA fedora with a feather)
Major Monogram: That's right, rockenhosen! We're sending you to Drusselstein. Doofenshmirtz will arrive there this morning, and we must know what he's up to. Now this letter will self-destruct. (The envelope closes, and the letter self destructs) Oww!! Oh, and the, uh, box, as well. (Perry picks up the scattered shreds of the blown up letter, puts it into the box, closes it and tosses the box out of the pet door) 5, 4, 3... (Perry changes into his clothes and runs off) You know, I really don't know what we were thinking with -- (The second explosion occurs. The roof opens and Perry comes out in his jet-pack)

(At the Tri-State Area Public Library)
Candace: (Clears throat) I'm looking for a book on scientific investigation and disappearing objects. Got anything?
Librarian: Let's see... (Starts typing on the computer) Um, Disappearing Objects and Scientific Investigation. Sound good?
Candace: Shuh!
Librarian: Oh, it's checked out to a Heinz Doofenshmirtz.
Vanessa: Yes?
Candace: Vanessa?
Vanessa: "Doofenshmirtz". It's my last name. Heinz is my Dad.
Candace: Doofenshmirtz? What's that, like, Chinese?
Vanessa: It's Drusselsteinian.
Candace: Right, from Drusselsteinia!
Vanessa: I'm heading over my Dad's house if you want to look for your book.
Candace: Cool.

Doofenshmirtz: And this is it, right here. (Gets off) Thanks for the ride! Keep the change!
Driver: Vhat change? You've been hitchhiking!
Doofenshmirtz: It's an expression! Hmm! (At Perry) Perry the Platypus? Wow, Rumpkinhossen'. Five seconds and you've already gone native. Well, don't worry, I'm not doing anything evil today, I'm just here to renew my driver's license. (Shows his license) Say, as long as you're here, why don't you stay and keep me company? (pause) Pleeease? It's so boring. (Perry facepalms)

(Scene switches to the DMV)
Receptionist: Fill out this form and take it to line 26. (goat bleats) NEXT! Yes?
Doofenshmirtz: I want to renew my driver's license, please.
Receptionist: (inspects the license) Hmm...
Doofenshmirts: "Hmm"? What do you mean "Hmm"?
Receptionist: I'm afraid you will have to be... (inhale) RE-CERTIFIED!
Doofenshmirtz: Re-certified? No, but that means...
Receptionist: YES!
Doofenshmirtz: No!
Receptionist: You vill have to take...
Doofenshmirtz: Don't say it!
Receptionist: THE DRIVING TEST!
Doofenshmirtz: B-but t-there must be some mistake! I --
Receptionist: Your instructor will meet you out BACK! NEXT!
Doofenshmirtz: Hold my hand, Perry the Platypus! (sniff) I'm scared!

(atop a hill...)
Doofenshmirtz: Thanks for coming along, Perry the Platypus. You know, having you around just makes me feel, you know, safer. In this circumstance, Back home is exactly the opposite.
Driving instructor: Heinz Doofenshmirtz, do you attest that you take this driving test of your own free will?
Doofenshmirtz: Yes.
Driving instructor: You may go!
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, wait, wait, uh, I'm not ready. Let, let me psych myself up. Just a few breathing exercises, then I'll go, okay, right?
Driving instructor: We have a choker!
(A goat hits the car, causing it to roll down the mountain as Doofenshmirtz screams)

(Perry trembles as he chatters scaredly)
Doofenshmirtz: I think I did okay.

(Back in Drusselstein)
Doofenshmirtz: Thanks for everything, Perry the Platypus. And don't worry, I - I'll pay for the dry cleaning on your Rumpkinhossen. All right, see you back home! I'm taking the trebuchet. (Perry blasts away on a jetpack)

(In Drusselstein, the trebuchet slingshots Doofenshmirtz's car into the air)
Doofenshmirtz: I should always travel like this! This is gre --
(Drusselstein unstretches back to its normal location)
Doofenshmirtz: CURSE YOU, CONCEPTUAL ELASTICITY OF SPACE-TIME!
(The car falls into the water)

Doofenshmirtz: I think I did okay.

Doofelations Season 3:154 | Meapless in Seattle

(Phineas, Ferb, and Meap are seen looking up towards the sky, just before a massive mechanical pillar smashes into their backyard. The scene shifts)
Mitch: (He is seen with blue orbs of fire in each hand) Hahahahaha! Aren't you a little young to save the universe?
Phineas: (The camera zooms in on the Earth from outer space, and Phineas and Ferb are seen equipped with high-tech visors and blasters in front a futuristic steel door) Yes. Yes, I am.
(The scene shifts. Meap puts on his pink helmet. The scene shifts. Ferb is holding on to Candace, who is dangling at the edge of an aircraft. Mitch's ship rams into Meap's ship from the side as they speed towards a metropolitan coastline. The scene shifts. Ferb is seen rappelling down into a metal pit. The scene shifts to Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: I want your hat on my desk!
(Perry throws his chair towards a monitor. The scene shifts to what looks like the inside of Meap's ship)
Doofenshmirtz: Balloony! (Balloony is wearing an armored suit with energy axes)
Mitch: Colin!
(The scene shifts. Suzy and Meap are engaged in an epic karate duel at a Bango-Ru convention)
Candace: What? Jeremy's going to be there!
(The scene shifts to a building that looks like the Seattle Space Needle)
Meap: Meap!
(The scene shifts back to the aerial shot of the Earth)
Narrator: I guess the joke was on them. We now present... (dramatically) Meapless in Seattle.

(The scene shifts to Perry's underground lair)
Major Monogram: Morning Agent P. Dr. Doofenshmirtz is on the move. We've tracked him to northwestern Washington. We need you to get up there and see what he's up to. Oww! Oh! My back! Carl, crack!
Carl: Cracking, sir. (Carl proceeds to crack Monogram's back)
Major Monogram: By the way, (in an angry tone) I want your hat on my desk! Because it rains a lot in Seattle, and I'd like to spray it with this cool new water-proofing treatment. Which reminds me, we've installed new unbreakable glass in your lair monitor. Go ahead, try it out. (Perry yanks out his chair and throws it at the screen. The chair shatters on impact against the monitor) Hmm, better order that unbreakable chair too, Carl.
♪ Perry! ♪

(The scene shifts to the inside of one of the coffee shops, where Dr. Doofenshmirtz is reading the newspaper)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Seattle. My home away from home. And to think, Perry the Platypus has no idea. He's, he's completely clueless about my little excursions up here. Ha, ha. That poor, blind, trusting pla- (Doofenshmirtz puts down his paper and sees Perry outside in the rain, staring at him. He runs to the "Dudes" room, where he sneaks out of the window and grabs an umbrella. However, Perry is outside the window waiting for him) AH! I'm not here! You are not seeing me! (Doofenshmirtz begins to run away, but falls face-first into a ditch) Oh Perry the Platypus, how long have you been... and look at that, it's, it's Peter the Panda, my ex-nemesis, what a coincidence, huh? (Perry turns to Peter, and then looks back at Doofenshmirtz, annoyed) I mean what is he doing here, in Seattle... his... hometown? And look he's got, he's got two coffees, one of which for sure, is not for me... it's not mine... (He moves his hands upwards, and in the process knocks some loose dirt away from the side of the ditch, unearthing the container of cutonium) because mine's right here. Look. See? (He drinks the cutonium) Ugh, ugh, that is not coffee. (As soon as he drinks the cutonium, Doofenshmirtz shrinks and becomes cute. Peter drops the two coffee cups in shock. Doofenshmirtz soon realizes what has happened) That's just great. What kind of a world are we living in, where a guy can't down the contents of a mysterious urn found in a trench, without undergoing major physical transmogrification? Really?
(Perry and Peter get out of the way as Mitch swoops down and picks up the container)
Mitch: At last the cutonium is, oh- no empty!
Doofenshmirtz: Hey! Dude! You're standing on my lab coat!
Mitch: (He picks Doofenshmirtz up) Oh-no, no, no, no! Did you actually drink the cutonium?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, is that what that was? I totally cannot recommend it.
Mitch: Well, you're cute alright, but you should have become completely irresistible. How homely were you before?
Doofenshmirtz: Hey I know you! You're that Mitch guy from space. Put me down you best friend stealer!
Mitch: Well I suppose one container of cutonium is as good as any other. (to Doofenshmirtz, who is visibly annoyed) Want to go for a ride? Won't that be fun? Yes it will. (to his robots while pointing at Peter and Perry) Destroy them.
Doofenshmirtz: Wow! You're strict.
(Peter and Perry fight with two of Mitch's robots)

Phineas: (Looking at the cute-tracker 2.0) The cute signal's emanating from over there. And Big Mitch has it!
Meap: My word! Something must be done, y'all!
Mitch: Soon the whole world will be mine!
Doofenshmirtz: If you don't let me down I'l-
(Doofenshmirtz is taken from Mitch's hands by Phineas and Ferb's digging equipment. He is brought towards the kids in a pipe)
Isabella: (looking at Doofenshmirtz) Oh, he's so cute!
Phineas: Yep, he's definitely the source of the signal.
Isabella: Let's get to the ship.
Candace: (to her phone) Hi mom, check us out!
Mitch: To the ship! (They enter the ship)
Doofenshmirtz: (as he falls from the pipe into Meap's ship) Woohoo! Whee!
Phineas: (No longer wearing his raincoat) Gotcha! (to Meap) Come on, punch it Meap. Let's get out of here!
Mitch: Oh no you don't!
(Meap's ship begins to fly away, with Mitch's ship hot on its tail. They speed out of Seattle back towards Danville)
Phineas: Mitch is gaining!
Mitch: I have you right where I want you.
(The two ships bump against each other, and Candace almost falls out, but is saved by Ferb)
Candace: (to her phone) Hi Mom. Look, I'm in mortal danger! Say hi Ferb. (Ferb waves, and pulls Candace back into Meap's ship. A tractor beam emanating from Mitch's ship stops them from moving any further)
Meap: My word! A tractor beam! Hold on children, this ship is jumpin' like a June-bug on a hot chicken!
(The ship escapes the tractor beam momentarily, but gets caught in it upside-down in the process. The hatch on Meap's ship opens, and Doofenshmirtz and Meap fall out and plummet to the ground)
Meap: Well my little friend, it looks we're about to meet our untimely demise.
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, speak for yourself, I'm going to try to land on you, so you'll break my fall.

Meap: My word, we've been fallin' for a long time!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, a joke about the commercial break, yeah, that's how I want to spend my last few seconds.
Meap: (He lands on the space needle, and loses his moustache in the process) Meap!
Doofenshmirtz: (He is still falling) Oh look, his mustache fell off, and, and I didn't think today could get any weirder!
(A large mechanical arm grabs Doofenshmirtz. It is part of a ship, which is being flown by Peter and Perry)
♪ Peter and Perry! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Nice try, but the mustache thing was still weirder.
(A tractor beam pulls Doofenshmirtz out of the hand's grasp, and into Mitch's ship)
Mitch: I'll take that, thank you very much. (Mitch cackles as his ship flies off into space)

(The scene shifts to Mitch holding Doofenshmirtz as he enters a chamber inside the fortress)
Mitch: Here we are. The extraction chamber.
Doofenshmirtz: Seriously? Y-you have an entire chamber reserved just for extracting things? That, that really comes up that often in your life? The extraction of things from other things.
Mitch: Look, I don't have to justify my life choices to you.
Doofenshmirtz: You know you can drop the whole "bad guy" spiel. (Mitch's robots strap Doofenshmirtz onto a metal panel) I'm actually willingly going along with this, in case you hadn't noticed, but, yeah, okay, you're a bad dude, cool, whatever, I get it.
Mitch: (laughing manically while holding blue orbs of fire) When the extraction is over, then you will see just how bad a dude I really a- (The blue fire starts to burn his left hand) AH! Put it out! Put it Out! Put it out! (One of his robots extinguishes the fire with a fire extinguisher) Okay, now that was... embarrassing. I, I'm going up to prepare the machine, while you two finish up here. Personally I hate the smell of extraction. (Mitch leaves)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, what does it smell like?

(The scene shifts to the cutonium being poured back into the special container)
Doofenshmirtz: (Though he is still strapped to the metal panel, he has changed back into his usual form) Back to my old self. That, you know, that wasn't so bad. In fact I rather enjoyed large portions of that process. (Two robots load the container into a pneumatic tube, which sends it to an upper floor) Hmm, extraction. Who knew? (Peter the Panda and Perry the Platypus appear at the back of the metal panel) Peter the Panda! And Perry the Platypus! You're working together to rescue me? Oh that's really nice of you. (The two robots notice the agents and begin to advance towards Doofenshmirtz) Uh-oh. Hey guys? A little help here. (Peter and Perry pivot the metal panel upwards, which sends the robots crashing through the wall. More robots start to stream out of hatches in the walls of the chamber) This is some rescue. (Peter, Perry and Doofenshmirtz run away from the robots)

(The scene shifts to Doofenshmirtz, Perry and Peter running down a corridor away from Mitch's robots. Peter is behind Doofenshmirtz, while Perry is in front of him)
Doofenshmirtz: I just realized something about myself; apparently I run faster than a panda bear, but not quite as fast as a platypus. Eh, who knew? You really do learn things about yourself in times of crisis. Wait, wait, turn left up here. That door must be the way out. (They reach a door, which opens to reveal Balloony in an armored suit. Baloony is holding energy axes) Balloony, it's you! Oh boy am I glad to see you. (The robots stop chasing them) Chill guys, Balloony and I go way back. So Balloony it's a good thin- (Balloony swings one of his energy axes at Doofenshmirtz) Well it's been nice catching up, but uh- RUN! (Doofenshmirtz and the agents run away) I think I misjudged his devotion!

(The scene shifts to Doofenshmirtz using a shield to deflect the robot's lasers. Peter and Perry have been pinned down by the robots)
Doofenshmirtz: Balloony, please help me. Balloony! Oh, don't let me go like I did with you. Balloony, what ever happened to us? (Suddenly, Balloony fights and wipes out nearly all of the robots attacking Doofenshmirtz) Balloony! I knew deep down inside you were still my best friend. Think of all the good times we can have, now that we- (One of the robots which survived Balloony's onslaught fires a laser, popping Balloony) Nooo! (Balloony collapses to his knees, falling into Doofenshmirtz's arms) No. Balloony. Stay with me, I- (Peter and Perry, who are now free, look at each other and approach Doofenshmirtz, who is holding a deflated Balloony) I'm not going to let you go a second time. Balloony! (Sobbing) I can feel my heart... popping.

(The scene shifts to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated. Doofenshmirtz has a disheartened look on his face when Perry walks in)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, Perry the Platypus, I'm sorry there's nothing to foil, I, I'm still down about- (Perry holds up Balloony, who has been patched and fully blown up) Balloony! (An instrumental version of My Wettest Friend starts to play to a montage of Doofenshmirtz and Balloony spending time together)

(A trailer starts to play. It opens up with another aerial shot of the Earth, which promptly shifts to two spaceships ramming into each other)
Narrator: And now, a trailer for an episode we also have no plan to make.
(The scene shifts. Baljeet is water-skiing)
Baljeet: Pay attention up there!
(The scene shifts. Candace is wearing a birthday hat at what appears to be a party in the backyard. Jerry the Platypus is seen waving)
Candace: Jerry the Platypus?
(The scene shifts. Phineas and Ferb are in the city)
Phineas: Ferb, aren't those extinct?
(The scene shifts. Meap's ship is parked in the backyard, and Meap is walking away from it calmly. The ship explodes. The scene shifts. Jeremy is walking through church doors wearing a suit)
Jeremy: As a matter of fact, I object to this union.
(The scene shifts. Doofenshmirtz is in a bus)
Doofenshmirtz: (song "Sucker for Mass Transit") Yes, ♪I'm just a guy who's a sucker for the sounds of mass transit.♪
(The scene shifts. Meap and Suzy are fighting at a Bango-Ru convention in a style that is identical to their duel in the first trailer. Theatrical text rolls across the screen)
Narrator: The Chronicles of Meap, Episode 42.
(The scene shifts to a structure that looks like the Millennium Gateway Arch in St. Louis, Missouri)
Meap: Meap!
Narrator: Meap Me in St. Louis.
Doofenshmirtz: (The scene shifts back to Doofenshmirtz in the bus) Hey, wasn't that Suzy stuff supposed to be in this one?

Doofelations Season 3:155 | Delivery of Destiny

(Switches to Paul driving in his truck)
Paul: Hi, dad. Yes, I just delivered to Phineas and Ferb. Yes. Yes, they are. No, I left them the blue copy.
Paul's father: No, son. You always have to leave them the pink copy. The blue copy's yours. You gotta take your job more seriously. Now you're running seven seconds behind!
Paul: Dad, I'm not sure if I really wanna be a delivery guy.
Paul's father: Of course you wanna be a delivery guy. You just don't wanna be a delivery guy who's seven seconds behind. Step it up!
Paul: Alright, Dad. Talk to you later, bye. (hangs up phone; turns on radio)
Radio DJ: Hey hey, listeners, the WJOP's party van is out there somewhere in the Tri-State Area. The first lucky listener who spot the party van and say the Phrase that Pays, wins a special prize!
Paul: (radio off) Ooh, here's my next delivery.
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
Paul: What a weird looking building. (goes into Evil Incorporated to find that the elevator has broken down) Out of order? Great! (struggles up the many flights of stairs) (knocks)
Doofenshmirtz: (from inside) It's open~.
Paul: (goes in with the package) Helloo. Delivery. (a cage falls from above, trapping him in a platypus-sized cage)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, you're not Perry the Platyp- Oh, sorry about that. (retracts the trap) I was expecting someone else.
Paul: No problem. Happens to me all the time.
Doofenshmirtz: Really? (signs the form)
Paul: I'm just kidding.
Doofenshmirtz: Aaa-ah. Hey nice clip.
Paul: Thanks. Hey, I like your place. What do you do here?
Doofenshmirtz: Well, you know, different things, but today I'm building a Juice-inator (shows Paul the Inator) It's going to turn City Hall into juice!
Paul: Oho, is it now?
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, then I'm gonna take over the Tri-State Area! You know, like you too.
Paul: Well, at least you got a plan. I haven't figured out what I'm wanna do with my life.
Doofenshmirtz: Don't sell yourself short, perhaps you can be one of my minions! Not an indoor minion, but a minion that keep the coalfires burning.
Paul: Yeah, I'm not sure that's a step up. Here you go (hands blue copy then leaves)
Doofenshmirtz: You should think about that offer! Miniony! It's a growth industry. (looks at the blue copy in his hand) Oh, he forgot to leave me the pink copy.

Roger: Finally you're here with my box.
Paul: You know, Mayor Doofenshmirtz, I just delivered  a package to a Heinz Doofenshmirtz.
Roger: (signs the form) Yes that's my older brother. Charming...man.
Paul: That box is really light.
Roger: That's because it's empty. I just needed a box. My cat loves to play with them.

Candace: So at this point I can grab Mom in her hair appointment and bring her over where I think the boys are heading. And calculating we'll go by that weird looking building downtown, at exactly 4.59 pm.
Jeremy: Candace, I'd really like to help you with your latest busting endeavor, but I have customers waiting. (points to the band singing in line)
Love Händel: ♪ We're hungry and we wanna eat! ♪
Paul: (answers his phone) Hey Dad, I'm just stoppin' for lunch (listens, then closes phone) He said we have another delivery for Heinz Doofenshmirtz. We gotta go back to headquarters and pick it up.
Love Händel: ♪ We'll take that to go, with extra dipping sauce ♪ (Swampy: Honey barbeque!)

(Paul is tired from climbing up the many flights of stairs in Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated)
Woman: (coming out of elevator, then sees Paul on the floor) You know, they fixed the elevator.
(Paul notices that the door's been broken, then he comes in)
Paul: Delivery! Again.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh goody, it's arrived. One last part for my Juice-inator.
Paul: Oh right, you're still on that juice thing.
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, my Juice-inator, my giant menacing machine that will turn City Hall into juice, completely discrediting and embarrassing my brother the Mayor at his 5pm media event. Step One, in my evil scheme to take over The TRI-STATE AREA!!
Paul: Wow. You've a rich fancy life, doncha?
(Cut to Perry taking off his fedora and reaching inside.)
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) I've been told so. Do you have a pen?
Paul: (offscreen) Yes, I do.
(Cut to shot of inside Perry's fedora to reveal empty spaces where his tools should be.)
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) Oh, I remember this baby. Y'know, if I had a clip like that on my pen, I'd never lose it.
(Cut back to Doof and Paul.)
Paul: I think your little, uh...What is that, a dachshund?
Doofenshmirtz: Platypus.
(Cut to Perry trying to break his cage open.)
Paul: (offscreen) Looks like he doesn't wanna be in that cage.
(Cut back to Paul and Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, him? No, no, he likes it. (giving back the clipboard) Here ya go. (takes the package) I'll take that. Thanks for everything. See ya.
(Cut to the hallway.)
Paul: Hmm...
(Crash! Cut to reveal Love Händel at the door of the stairs out of breath and on the ground.)
Paul: Why don't you use the elevator? (walks in and pushes down) Got a song for that?
Danny: Actually, we do!
Love Händel: ♪ We just climbed up sixty-five flights! ♪

(Cut to Major Monogram and Carl in the main office.)
Major Monogram: Great googly moogly! A distress signal! Agent P is really trapped! Why won't he use the bevy of tools and weapons conveniently located in his hat?
(Carl puts his fingers in his mouth nervously. Paul and the band approach them.)
Paul: Delivery!
Carl: (squeaky) Um, I'm gonna sign for the package.
Major Monogram: Carl, your voice just got squeaky! I know that squeaking!
Carl: (to Paul) Uh, where do I sign?
Major Monogram: Carl, what are you not telling me?
Carl: Sir, Agent P doesn't have his hat tools. I took them out to clean and repair them.
Major Monogram: Something inside me just broke.
Carl: (reaching offscreen) I have the tools right here.
Major Monogram: Well, what good are they to him here? Poor Agent P, he's just a platypus trapped in a cage. Wearing a tiny hat, a little fedora...
(Song: The Ballads of Paul - 9th stanza)
Love Händel: ♪ A platypus in a fedora... ♪
Major Monogram: ...trapped by an evil scientist...
Love Händel: ♪ In a weird looking building... ♪
Major Monogram: ...intent on juicing City Hall.
Love Händel: (to Paul) ♪ Hey, you know that guy! ♪
Paul: Hey, I know that guy! I've seen your friend!
Love Händel: ♪ It took you long enough! ♪
Major Monogram: All of our other agents are busy out in the field. If-If only there was a way to get these tools to Agent P.
Carl: Yeah, before Doofenshmirtz juices City Hall in seven minutes!
Love Händel: ♪ Seven minutes! ♪
Paul: Hightail just happens to have a seven-minute delivery! I can get those tools to your friend! I've never used it, but here's the 237 form. Sign at the bottom here, here's a pen, initial this on page two.
Love Händel: ♪ Sign on the bottom! ♪
Paul: Put those tools in here! I've got the regulation box!
Love Händel: ♪ It's a regulation box! ♪
Paul: Aaaand you keep the pink copy. The blue copy's mine!
Major Monogram: Good luck, young man! (they leave) We could use someone like him at the Agency. Carl, why don't we have a soundtrack band?
Love Händel: ♪ Here's our card! ♪

(Cut to outside OWCA. The delivery truck speeds away. Cut to inside the truck.)
Paul: Schedule's gotta wait, Dad! I have a special delivery to make!
Love Händel: ♪ Paul's on his way to deliver some tools ♪
♪ To a platypus in a fedora ♪
♪ He's on his way ♪
♪ He's gotta save the day ♪
♪ He's only got seven minutes! Wishes he had more-a! ♪
♪ He's on his way and we're singing what he's doing! ♪
♪ So it looks like we might have a new career before us! ♪
♪ He's on his way! I guess we are, too! ♪
♪ From a pop-metal band to a rockin' Greek chorus! ♪
Paul: Rush hour! Tape yourselves together, boys! I've got an idea!
(Paul opens the sunroof and swings a roll tape like a lasso onto one of the amusement ride cars. He rides it, bringing the band with him.)
Phineas: Hey, Paul!
Paul: Hey, kids! Just hitchin' a ride! (Once they approach D.E.I., he cuts the tape apart.) Right, here's good. Thanks, guys!
Phineas: (offscreen) See ya, Paul!
(Paul rolls on the balcony and approaches Agent P with the package.)
Paul: Here ya go, dude! Sign here.
(Perry signs the clipboard and Paul gives him the pink copy. Perry opens the package and takes out the small wrench and unlocks the cage. He then takes the clipboard and throws it at Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: And... (The clipboard latches onto the lever.) Hey! (Perry punches Doof.) Perry the Platypus?! Take that! (Doof pulls a lever and Perry falls through a trap door.) You won't get out of there in time to stop me! (He pulls the lever on the inator. Cut to a wide shot to reveal Paul taping the inator shut.) What? What are you doing up there?
Paul: Just wrapping up a few loose ends!
Doofenshmirtz: Wow! Metaphorical and literal!
(Perry gets out of the trap door.)
Paul: Little dude, we should get outta here.
Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, Perry the Platypus and Paul the Delivery Guy!
Paul: Paul the Mobile Logistics Technician!
Doofenshmirtz: Well, excuuuuuuuse me!
(Kaboom! The building and the ride track turn into juice.)
Doofenshmirtz: (tasting the juice) Mmm...tastes like pineapple. (Love Händel swims by him.) Hey, Love Händel!
Bobbi: Hey, guys, we're covered in juice and packing tape! What does that remind you of?
Sherman: Detroit, 1984! (High fives Danny) Whoo!

Doofelations Season 3:156 | Buford Confidential

(Perry puts on his hat, and slides into a log, where there is a monitor at the back)
Major Monogram: Good morning Agent P. I'd tell you what Doofenshmirtz is up to but the screen isn't big enough for the little box thingy over my shoulder, but I'm sure you'll figure it out when you get there. Good luck Agent P.
(Agent P leave)
Monogram: ♪ Oh give me a home, where the buffalo--♪ Moth! Moth!

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(Perry arrives at Doofenshmirtz's door and kicks it down, only to find another door blocking him, he kicks this one down as well, and continues to kick in eight more)
Doofenshmirtz: Aw, Perry the Platypus, are you felling tired?
(The door Perry was standing on wraps itself in a sheet, trapping Perry)
Doofenshmirtz: Take a rest! I figured you'd be exhausted after breaking all those doors. I-I even put a mint on your pillow, and everything, though, I guess it's probably just stuck to the back of your head now. Sorry about that. So, let's talk about pretzels. You see Perry the Platypus, when I was younger, (Doofenshmirtz flashes back) I did a summer internship at Master Drakkenblad's Pretzel Palace, He was the biggest pretzel wizard in Drusselstein. His disproportionately delicate hands, could turn any dough into a masterpiece. But even after months, my pretzel still lacked, polish. No matter how hard I tried, my work was never good enough. I don't know why he was such a stickler, I mean it's a knot. What difference does it make as long as you can't untie it? It's a knot! Anyway, I was declared unworthy. (Doofenshmirtz's Flash back ends) So now I despise pretzels. And any pretzel related entertainment. And now Danville is having its own Pretzel Festival! Can you even imagine how angry that makes me? Can you imagine? No? Angry enough to create the De-Twist-inator! We'll see how festive they feel after I turn all those stupid pretzels into boring straight tubes of baked dough, like-like breadsticks, which I also have a problem with, but I'm dealing with one neurosis at a time. And then, when I've straightened all their precious pretzels, I will waltz in, and take over the Tri-State Area. Yeah, I know it doesn't quite follow. I mean I even made a venn diagram. (He hold up a venn diagram, with to circles, not intersecting at all) See, the-the pretzels are here in this circle, and we're talking about taking over the Tri-State Area here, and... Yeah, no intersection, nothing. Hmm. But I'm gonna work it out you'll see.

Doofenshmirtz: And when the chickens hatch, that's when the marshmallows kick in. Oh, oh boy, this one really taxed my brain. I am telling you, I am pooped. Anyway, forget the details, the circles are touching so the plan can't miss. Now, I've got a pretzel problem, and I'm about to straighten it out. Hahaha, you see? 'Cause their pretzels, their twisted, their not straight. It's- You like that one Perry the Platypus? I've been saving it up. (Perry twists around in his trap, and using the mist that got stuck to his head, he rips off the sheet tying him down. He then launches himself at Doofenshmirtz, and causes the -inator the fire off a few shots, hitting a girl with curly hair, a yoga class, and a roller coaster)

(Perry wraps Doofenshmirtz in his blanket, then spins him into the -inator, setting it off, and destroying it)
Doofenshmirtz: See? Another reason to hate twisting. Curse you Perry the Platypus. (The De-Twist-inator blows up)

Doofelations Season 3:157 | The Mom Attractor

(Camera cuts to Perry making his entrance to his lair.)
Major Monogram: Ah, there you are, Agent P. Well, let's get down to brass tacks or whatever it is tacks are made of these days. It seems that Dr. Doofenshmirtz has been buying up all the polyethylene in town. It's a substance apparently used in disposable baby diapers. It could be an evil scheme or it could just be neutral. Get out there and absorb the situation. Now, since your hovercraft is in the shop, Carl has had to arrange last minute alternative transportation for you.
Carl: Yes. Hello, Agent P. So, yeah, go ahead and put on that fruit hat.
(A fruit hat appears beside Perry. He stares at the screen for a second before removing his fedora and putting on the fruit hat. Suddenly, a gorilla appears and transports Perry away from his lair.)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Gonna mallet, mallet, mallet in the morning. Mallet, mallet, mallet all day. ♪
(The gorilla with Perry crashes behind Doofenshmirtz.)
Doofenshmirtz: What is this? Some sort of Latin gorilla cha-cha gram? Hola.
(Perry removes the fruit hat and puts on his fedora.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ay caramba! Perry the cha-cha gram? I mean, Platy... Obviously, you're Perry the Platypus.
(The gorilla leaves and just crashes through the door.)
Doofenshmirtz: And I was... Use the door! Yeah, that was, uh, hmm, not... Not, uh, good. Oh well. (pushes a button to trap Perry) There, that's better! I much prefer you trussed up in my happy Jump-inator! Which goes with the theme of my new scheme, the Baby-Cry-inator! I know what you're saying. "But, Heinz, you've already done a baby-themed evil plot." But this time, I've really nailed it. Let me explain.
(A screen rises up from the floor, which, with Heinz's control, shows several pictures that frequently depicts Roger.)
Doofenshmirtz: You remember my goody two-shoes brother, Roger, the mayor? It is a well-known fact that no politician can pass up kissing a baby for fear of alienating the electorate. This can be risky, though, because if the baby cries, you can alienate the electorate even worse than if you refuse to kiss the baby in the first place. This has never really been a problem for Roger, though, everybody loves Roger! Babies, voters, dogs, cats, guys with shovels, giant squid, you name it. But this little baby, and by "little baby", I mean enormous baby, is gonna change all of that! Today, when my brother is campaigning, every time he kisses a baby, I will uncork the Baby-Cry-inator, releasing such a wail that the voters will think he is universally hated by babies, and therefore, untrustworthy. I know it sounds complicated but I've thought this one through. Babies cry, everyone's unhappy, and I somehow take over. (a short pause) It's foolproof!

(Back at Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated)
Doofenshmirtz: (he is hammering the Baby-Cry-inator with a mallet softly.) ♪ Gonna mallet, mallet, mallet in the morning. Mallet, mallet, mallet all day. ♪ I don't know when I learned this mallet song, but it's really catchy.
(Perry tackles Doofenshmirtz using his trap.)
Doofenshmirtz: (grunts) Hey! Ow! (He sees Perry starting to charge towards the Baby-Cry-inator.) Hey, I wouldn't, I wouldn't do that if I were...
(Having enough power, Perry jumps towards the Baby-Cry-inator. He removes the pacifier from the inator. The Baby-Cry-inator wails loudly, causing Doofenshmirtz to cover his ears.)

(Song: We Are the Moms)
(As the song plays, several mothers from different parts of Danville are leaving their work and marching to the Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated in response to the baby's wail. While this is happening, Perry and Doofenshmirtz fight using several things, including the giant pacifier, the happy Jump-inator, and several baby toys.)

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated, the moms burst through Doofenshmirtz door.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, wait! (The camera shows the Mom Attractor climbing to the top of the building.) There's too many mommies! Do something!
(The Mom Attractor arrives at the top of the building to try to stop the Baby-Cry-inator's wail.)
Mom Attractor: Must soothe baby.
(The Mom Attractor gets the Baby-Cry-inator and pats it on its back. The Baby-Cry-inator's wail stops. All of the mothers immediately realize where they are and wonder what they are doing in the building.)
Mom 1: What am I doing here?
Mom 2: My goodness!
Mom 3: I better get back to pitching my board.
Mom 4: I need to pick up Will from soccer.
Mom 5: How did I get here?
(All of the mothers leave and get back to work.)

(At Roger Doofenshmirtz's campaign...)
P.A. Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen, Mayor Roger Doofenshmirtz.
Voter 1: What happened to that giant crying baby?
Voter 2: Roger Doofenshmirtz came and it just stopped.
Voter 1: Babies love him!
Voter 2: Four more years!
All: Four more years!

(Back at Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated)
Mom 6: Oh no! I left a pie in the oven.
Mom 7: Who's watching my classroom?
Mom 8: My watermelon!
(The camera shows that Doofenshmirtz's place was cleaned and shined.)
Doofenshmirtz: Wow, this place has never looked neater than this!
(Perry puts on his fruit hat once again, causing the gorilla to suddenly appear from the ground and take him.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, no! I just had the place cleaned. Curse you, Perry the Platypus and your destructive, fruit-loving simian friend who doesn't know how to use the door! Curse him, too!

Doofelations Season 3:158 | Cranius Maximus

(scene switches at Flynn-Fletcher Antiques.)
Lawrence: And here, we have a marvel 16th century wardrobe. We have one just like this when I was a schoolboy. And inside it was another land filled with magical woodland creatures.
Woman: Ohhh hohoho. You English and your fantasy worlds.
Lawrence: Ahahah. Can I show you some tables...
(Lawrence and the woman walks then Perry opens the box and grab his fedora and enters in the wardrobe. The wardrobe has some trees and snowing inside his lair.)
Major Monogram: Hello Agent P, sorry about the trees they were leftovers from Christmas and we didn't have anywhere else to store 'em. Oh, and uh, also the air-conditioning system is on the fritz, so pardon all the frost. All over the Tri-State Area, keys are disappearing. Businesses can't open, the freeways have ground to a halt, citizens are locked out of their homes, and I, for one, would really like to get into the executive washroom. It's got a waterfall, you know you wave your hand to the water just sort of-... well it's...it's really cool. Stop Doofenshmirtz! Quickly!
(Perry then leaves)

(At D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Bow, chicka, bow-wow! That's what my baby says! Mow-mow-mow! And a something something -- ♪
(Perry jumps through the closet, making Doofenshmirtz fall back)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? You know, you could've waited till I put my pants on, that would've...least been polite. And do you know what we do to rude people around here? (presses remote, trapping Perry in a capsule) We put them in a water-soluble capsule. Ha ha! And there's not enough platypus spit in the world to get you out of it. Yeah, hop this way, let me show you what I've been up to.
(Perry follows Doofenshmirtz into a room filled with keys.)
Doofenshmirtz: Keys, keys, keys! Master keys, skeleton keys, latch keys, skate keys, I love keys! And you know, take it from me, (on the roof) once you've accidentally locked yourself in a milk can full of cockroaches for a couple of hours, you'll—you'll develop a real appreciation. But uh, collecting keys one at a time takes forever! That's why I've invented: THE KEY-FIND-INATOR! Or the Find-a-Key-inator! I -- I haven't quite figured out what I want to call it. Cool, huh? Soon, I will be able to open any door in the Tri-State Area, it's -- it's brilliant. Uh, but my key chain is enormous. And—and it weighs a ton and everyone can hear me coming. What I really need is one key that opens everything! The Key to the City! My pompous brother, the mayor, is always handing it out to some yokel of dubious qualifications. Well, today, it's going to be this yokel of dubious qualifications.

(switches to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, so the, uh, Key to the City ceremony's not starting for a while so, uh...we got some...Oh, you know, I-I just realized that I'm...I'm wearing a white lab coat and I'm leaning back against a black tire. That's... (sighs) I think I might have to go change.

(The scene gets more dark as we shift to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Wow! Great mad scientist weather, isn't it, Perry the Platypus? It's so dramatic! Ooh, the ceremony should be starting now.
(shift to Roger)
Roger: And now, it is my pleasure to present the Key to the city to this great humanitarian and American.
(applause)
Recipient: Th-thank you, thank you. Um, you know, when I set out to reinvent the ball-peen hammer -- (inator ray hits the key) HEY!
(shift back to Doofenshmirtz as it starts to rain)
Doofenshmirtz: I've got it! I've got it! (at Perry) There, you see? I told you it was water solu -- (Perry's capsule melts and he punches him) OH!

(At D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Here it comes! Here it comes! (gets the key) Ha ha! I got it! At last, I, Heinz Doofenshmirtz, can open any door with this, the Key to the City—you know, I can't believe it's cartoonishly big. It's almost like it's not a real key, but just sort of, symbolic of a key. It's... (sees Perry) Hey, what are you doing?
(Perry sets the inator to "Returninate All Keys" and the inator begins to spit all the keys out. It self-destructs)
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, well, whatever, Perry the Platypus. (as Perry leaves) I got what I want! This giant, metal key that, when I think about it, is probably too big to fit into any of the keyholes that I would ever come across. Which makes me question the whole val -- (gets shocked by lightning)

Doofelations Season 3:159 | Agent Doof

(Cut to Perry, who lifts up a board and uses it as a diving board to jump into a pool. In his lair, he jumps onto his chair and notices Doofenshmirtz on the monitor.)
Doofenshmirtz: Surprise! It's me! I've taken over the OWCA!
(Camera pans to Perry then back at the monitor where Major Monogram moves Doofenshmirtz off screen with a finger.)
Major Monogram: Oh, no, he hasn't, Agent P.
Doofenshmirtz: Aw, spoilsport.
Major Monogram: Doofenshmirtz claims to have given up evil. He even signed this "I Give Up Evil" affidavit to apply for work at the agency. And normally, we could have rejected him because he's not an animal, but it turns out he was adopted by ocelots, making him, in the eyes of law, an ocelot.
(Doofenshmirtz purrs)
Major Monogram: Sorry to do this to you, Agent P, but we're making Doofenshmirtz your responsibility during his probation period. Show him the ropes, and, uh, don't let him out of your sight.
(Camera pans back to Perry, who salutes)

(In the OWCA HQ, Perry and Doofenshmirtz are walking by some of the cubicles.)
Doofenshmirtz: You're probably wondering why I suddenly decided to quit evil and become a good guy. Well you see, I'd just built an inator. I called it the Babe-inator! No, it's not what you think. It's purpose was to transform my brother, the Mayor, and all of his cronies into a bunch of crying babies. That way I could take City Hall like babies taking candy away from... whatever they take candy... Aw, you know what I mean. Anyway, the Babe-inator was ready to go, so I took aim at my brother's office and pressed the button, but it didn't work! It didn't work for, like, the hundredth time! My evil plan did not work! And I thought to myself, "Maybe I'm just not good at being evil." That's when I had my epiphany. From now on, I'm going to be a good guy! So, here I am!
(They stop walking and Perry shows Doofenshmirtz his cubicle)
Doofenshmirtz: Wow, my own cubicle. (Agent Kitty joins him and Perry) How nice! I'm gonna put a poster, right here, with a kitten that says, "Hang in there." (Doofenshmirtz turns and sees Agent Kitty; chuckles awkwardly) No offense. It's not like I think that's all you guys do, or anything. (Agent Kitty walks off) Oh, great, now he's going to Human Resources.

(Cut to Norm at Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Norm: Oopsies! Better plug this in!
(He does so, and a ray shoots out of the Babe-inator)

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz in his cubicle)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, would you look at that! Newton the Gnu is Agent Silent G. Whoo! I have to blog this. (Notices agents walking by with cups of coffee) Hmm, must be a coffee break. (Computer screen starts blinking saying "security breach" and he turns it off without looking)

(Cut to the break room, where Doofenshmirtz and few of the other agents are drinking coffee.)
Doofenshmirtz: So then, the duck says, "got any grapes?"
(The agents, excluding the duck, all laugh. Agent P enters)
Doofenshmirtz: Uh-oh, it looks like, uh, coffee break's over.
(Switches to Major Monogram in his office. Doofenshmirtz and/or Perry knocks.)
Major Monogram: Enter. (Doofenshmirtz and Perry enter) Agent P, we have a situation.
Doofenshmirtz: Is this about that grape joke? Who told on me? Was it the duck?!
Major Monogram: That's not why I called you in. Get a look at this. This is Newton the Gnu. He was assigned to Dr. Diminutive, but it seems some bonehead blew his cover on the blogosphere.
(While Major Monogram is talking, Doofenshmirtz scratches his ear.)
We still haven't found out who it was. In the meantime, we need you to bring him in. Get on it, Agent P, and, uh, take Doofenshmirtz with you.
Doofenshmirtz: A ride-along? Sweet! I can wear my new fedora!
Major Monogram: Get out of here! (Doofenshmirtz and Perry leave and Carl walks by with a mail cart) Carl, get in here! When you're done delivering the mail, I want you to wash and wax my car. You know, a little wax on, wax off? It'll teach you karate!
Carl: No, it won't.

(Cut to a garage where Agent D fills up Perry's hover car with gas. The dog agent leaves as Doofenshmirtz and Perry walk up.)
Doofenshmirtz: I am loving this! We're all like partners, now! Like Jack and Jill, or Alice and Wonderland! And with a super-cool vehicle!
(Cut to the exterior of the O.W.C.A. headquarters, where Major Monogram watches Doofenshmirtz and Perry fly away through his office window)
Major Monogram: Be careful out there... (looks at Carl) ...washing my car. Don't scratch it.
Doofenshmirtz: Ooh, look at these buttons! What does this one do? (he pushes a button which launches a missile) Whoa! Oh, yeah, this is way cool!
(The missile returns to Earth, causing Carl to run away before it blows up Major Monogram's car)
Major Monogram: DOOFENSHMIRTZ!

(Cut to the exterior of Dr. Diminutive's apartment)
Doofenshmirtz: This apartment seems familiar. Hey, do you mind if I kick down the door? (he does so, proceeding to get his foot stuck)
Dr. Diminutive: (opens door) Ugh, Doofenshmirtz?
Doofenshmirtz: Awkward!
Dr. Diminutive: Why are you wearing a fedora?
Doofenshmirtz: I'm a good guy now! I believe you've met my partner?
Dr. Diminutive: (gasps) Perry the Platypus? Stay away from me!
(Perry chases Dr. Diminutive, but he disappears when he leaps on him)
Dr. Diminutive: (laughing) Fools! That was only my hologram!
Doofenshmirtz: Don't worry. I've got your back, partner.
Dr Diminutive: (traps Doofenshmirtz and Perry) I trapped you in a particle bubble from my new Photon 2000 Particle Bubble-erator!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, brother! 2000 was so 4,000 days ago!
Dr. Diminutive: Perhaps you'd like to join your friend, Newton the Gnu in his decidedly ordinary acrylic prison. Can you believe it? I was having him over for a friendly dinner, when I read your blog telling me that Newton the Gnu is really Agent Silent G!
(Perry glares at Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: I can't help it! I blog what I see!

(Cut to the exterior of Dr. Diminutive's building)
Dr. Diminutive: Due to your request, Heinz, I've decide to let you all go. From 40 stories up.
Doofenshmirtz: Just for the record, that's not exactly what I meant.
Dr. Diminutive: Yeah, I know. (drops them off of building)
Doofenshmirtz: (as he and Agents P & Silent G fall) What do you guys think? How am I doing so far?
(Perry uses his grappling hook to take the Pumanic Bubbletron)
Dr. Diminutive: Hey, give it back!
(Perry uses the Pumanic Bubbletron to make a bubble and traps Dr. Diminutive)
Dr. Diminutive: Uh-oh. Oh, poop.
(Perry makes another bubble and he, Doofenshmirtz, and Agent Silent G bounce on it, breaking their fall)
Doofenshmirtz: Hang on, boys! I'm gonna bounce us back to headquarters! Yee-haw!

(Cut to Major Monogram's temporary cubicle)
Major Monogram: It's humiliating! I'm stuck in this crummy, little cubicle while my office gets repaired! Anyway, Agent P, due to your quick action and decisive action, you were able to rescue Agent Silent G. Doofenshmirtz, you're fired.
Doofenshmirtz: Is it because I blew up your car?
Major Monogram: No, it's because I have a list of complaints from Human Resources.
Doofenshmirtz: So, it was the duck! (Looks at the duck. The dog and crocodile do the same)
(The duck agent backs away in his chair)
Major Monogram: Let's face it. You've done more damage inside the Agency than you ever did outside.
Doofenshmirtz: So, what you're saying is that I'm good at being evil after all! (calls Norm) Norm, we're back in business! Dust off the inators! (hangs up) Later, chumps!
(Switches to D.E.I.)
Norm: I'll start with this one!
(Another ray shoots out of the Babe-inator)

Doofelations Season 3:160 | Minor Monogram

(Scene shifts to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated)
Vanessa: A video game is more important than me? That's it! I'm done! We are so over, Johnny!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, hello, Vanessa! Let me introduce Rodrigo to you. He's starting evil science school in the fall and I'm mentoring him. I'm in mid-ment.
Rodrigo: Call me Rod.
Vanessa: Is that what your friends call you?
Rodrigo: No one calls me that. It's just that you seem rather unique.
Doofenshmirtz: So, what's wrong, Vanessa? You seem upset.
Vanessa: Nothing. It's just... Johnny, he's such a boy. I'm sick of it. No ambition, no depth...
Doofenshmirtz: You always go for the wrong type of guy, these bad-boy types.
Vanessa: Dad, perhaps you haven't noticed but you're evil.
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, there's good evil and then there's bad evil. Am I right, Rodrigo?
Rodrigo: Huh? Exactly.
(Rodrigo does a "crazy face", causing Vanessa to smile.)

(Back at Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated, Doofenshmirtz pointing a pointer at a chalkboard)
Doofenshmirtz: Backstory! Backstory! Backstory! (Breaks his pointer.) The backstory is what drives an evil scientist. It is the "Why does he do what he does?" of the "What does he do?" (Accidentally throws a broken half of the pointing rod, causing a cat to yowl.) My point is, at its best, evil science is like undergoing deep Freudian analysis with a theremin constantly playing in the background.
Vanessa: Hey, guys, it's such a beautiful day. I thought maybe we could put the top down?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, okay.
Vanessa: See, you are the best...
Doofenshmirtz: No tattoo.
Vanessa: Shoot.
(Doofenshmirtz pushes a button that opens the building's top. Perry comes in using a para-glider.)
♪ Perry! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus! Just in time...To be trapped!
(Perry gets trapped by a boot that looks like one of Vanessa's boots.)
Doofenshmirtz: Now that's what I call getting the boot!
Rodrigo: Wow! A real agent!
Doofenshmirtz: See, now that's a trap! I even made it based on my own daughter's fashion style. Vampire-pilgrim-scuba-diver.
Vanessa: What? Is that what you think I look lik... Wait, you made this? What size is it?
Rodrigo: Excuse me the interrupting, Dr. Doofenshmirtz, but he can get out of there fairly easy, no?
Doofenshmirtz: Well, duh, the trap only needs to hold him for just enough time for you to get through your evil scheme monologue. At that point, your nemesis escapes and the race is on! Who will win, good or evil? No one can say, except, of course, if you go by recent statistics which, it's pretty much good who wins every single time. No matter what. But, hey, if it was easy, everyone would take over the Tri-State Area, right? Every single person would be in charge and we'd be forced to, I don't know, decide the rules together by voting or something.
Rodrigo: I see. It's just that I took a few advanced trap classes in school and I was hoping to show you, the master, a few of my little ideas in the hopes that you could critique them.
Doofenshmirtz: Hmm, all right, knock yourself out.
(Rodrigo gets his bag to make a trap.)
Rodrigo: Don't worry, little platypus agent. When I'm through here, you'll no longer have to battle this inept loser anymore. Because, you see, I plan to get rid of both of you.

(Scene cuts back to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated, shortly after Rodrigo finished Perry's trap.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hmm, how does it feel, Perry the Platypus?
(Perry chatters)
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, I thought so.
Rodrigo: Wait, you can understand him?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, heck no, I usually just pretend he's talking about recent movies I've seen.
Vanessa: (Trying on Doofenshmirtz's boot trap) So, uh, you didn't by any chance make a left-boot trap, did you?
Doofenshmirtz: (scoffs) A left-boot trap? Whoever heard of such a thing?
(Perry uses the trap to push a button on his wrist communicator to alert the O.W.C.A. that he is in danger. The camera cuts back to the O.W.C.A. Monty is standing in front of a screen which is alerting the O.W.C.A.)
Monty: Uh, Dad? This looks pretty serious.
(Major Monogram and Carl doesn't notice the alarm as they're too focused on doing acrobatics.)
Major Monogram: Nonsense. The Zoondilini under swing is child's play.
Carl: Uh, should both my shoulders be dislocated from their sockets, sir?
(Monty takes matters into his own hands and leaves the O.W.C.A Headquarters.)

(The camera cuts back to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: Using my intimate knowledge of the Tri-State Area, I have installed, in two precise locations, these!
(The camera cuts to Doofenshmirtz's inator, which appears in two locations, one in a warehouse and one in a random location.)
Random person: (at a vendor) Yay! Falafel!
(The vendor opens his taco stand, only to see a part of Doofenshmirtz's inator appear from his stand.)
(Camera goes back to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated.)
Vanessa: Cool.
Doofenshmirtz: I know, huh? These massive propellers will physically dislodge the entire Tri-State Area from the Earth and raise it up into the sky where I will then pilot it around and you know, run some errands or something, and refuse to return it, until they make me their leader. (Doofenshmirtz activates the propellers, dislodging the Tri-State Area from the Earth.) Hmm. Well, that went well.
Rodrigo: Extremely well. (He pushes a button that activates a hidden trap that ties Doofenshmirtz's legs together.)
Doofenshmirtz: Is this like a robot hug for a job well done?
Rodrigo: No. It's a trap! What does that even mean, a robot hug for a job well... Who would even consider that a possibility!? I'm taking over your evil scheme, you fool! (He pushes a button that pulls Doofenshmirtz away from the controls.)
Doofenshmirtz: (screams)
Vanessa: Dad, look out! Wha... (She tries to move but she's wearing Perry's boot trap, which is attached to the floor.) Oh, you have got to be kidding me.
Rodrigo: (Explains his plan using the blackboard that Doofenshmirtz used earlier.) You see, Dr. Doofenshmirtz, I'm going to manipulate your propellers at precise angles and literally tear the Tri-State Area apart!
Doofenshmirtz: But, hey, dummy, if you destroy the Tri-State Area, what exactly will you have left to take over? Hmm?
Rodrigo: The world.
Doofenshmirtz: (gasps) Take over the world? Tha..That's crazy! That's almost left-boot-trap crazy!
Vanessa: Oh, would you get off that? Making matching boots is normal. You with the one boot, that's what's crazy.
Rodrigo: Join me, Vanessa, and together we will take over the world. I'll let you get a tattoo. I think boots should come in pairs, like people.
Vanessa: Join you? I don't work for him. That's my father, you dweeb.
Rodrigo: Well, yeah, I just thought we had a moment.
Vanessa: (scoffs) A moment?
(Perry chatters)
Vanessa: Yeah, I know. What a dip, right?
Rodrigo: No matter. Now, time to say goodbye to your beloved Tri-State Area!
(He manipulates the propellers near a 45-degree angle. He laughs maniacally. Monty comes in using a jet-pack and tackles Rodrigo. The two fight, with Monty using his acrobatic skills to fight Rodrigo. Perry activates a camera in his wrist communicator to show Major Monogram what Monty is doing. The camera cuts back to the O.W.C.A. Headquarters.)
Major Monogram: Huh? Great googly moogly! Combining fighting evil with acrobatics? Of course! It was right in front of my face the whole time. That's my boy!
(The camera cuts back to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated, showing Vanessa free Perry from his trap.)

(Camera cuts back to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, how about this one? (He pushes a button which frees himself.) Good. Okay, well, at least I can still go on with my plan. (He manipulates the propellers in a vertical position. He raises the Tri-State Area once again.) I should go pick up my dry cleaning before it gets too...
(Perry tackles Doofenshmirtz, in the process, dropping the Tri-State Area back to Earth.)

(Outside the Flynn-Fletcher household, the impact of the drop spreads the leaves at different places outside the house.)
Linda: (from inside) Kids, I'm home!
Candace: Mom! (Runs to her) Mom! The boys are up to something huge! I just know it! But they've hidden it within a massive pile of leaves in the backyard. Come help me sort through them for a few hours to find it! (Pulls her out)
Linda: (Sarcastically) Wow. Sounds great.
(The impact of the fight at Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated puts the propellers in a horizontal position, blowing the leaves at the backyard away, just before Candace and Linda come to the backyard.)
Linda: No leaves? No nothing?
Candace: No leaves, no nothing.
Linda: (at the boys and their friends) Do you guys already have snacks?
Phineas: We do, thanks!
Linda: (With disdain) My work here is done. (Straightens Candace's gourd helmet and leaves) Nice gourd helmets, though.
Ferb: Well, who's up for "sprummer"?

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated, Monty ties Rodrigo to a chair.)
Rodrigo: (grunts)
Monty: Okay, you got it from here, Agent P.
(Perry traps Doofenshmirtz and salutes Monty.)
Rodrigo: But, Vanessa, I thought you liked bad boys?
Vanessa: Eh, I'm over it. I think it's time I tried a... (She watches Monty leave using a jet-pack. Monty looks at her and smiles before leaving.) A good guy.
(Perry goes to Vanessa's side. He watches Vanessa stare at Monty as he leaves. Perry realizes what she's thinking and gives a shocked expression at the camera.)

Doofelations Season 3:161 | What A Croc!

(Cut to Perry upstairs. He puts on his fedora. He takes down the bathroom door and opens it on the floor revealing a stairway, which he goes down. Cut to Agent P's lair. Agent P turns on the computer. However, instead of Major Monogram, a certain Golden Globe nominated actor appears on screen.)
Ray Liotta: Good morning, Agent P. I know what you're thinking: "Aren't you Hollywood's Ray Liotta?" The answer is yes. Yes, I am. I'm sitting in for my good friend, Major Monogram, while he's getting some manscaping done. I mean, mustaches like that, they don't just happen. Besides, I owe him big for that favor he did for me at...the Academy.
Young Monogram's Voice: Hey, uh, Ray, I...I just did a favor for you.
Young Liotta's Voice: Thanks, Francis. I owe you big.
Ray Liotta: Anyway, our web monitors tell us that Dr. Doofenshmirtz has been frequenting websites and blogs dedicated to chickens and chicken-related jokes. We don't know what that means, but it's gotta be something fowl. We need you to get out there and take him down a peg! (Perry salutes) Good luck, Agent P! (Perry leaves and Liotta laughs) That felt great, Carl! Fighting evil like that, I was like zing, wow, yeah! Why did I ever drop out of the Academy to become a big Hollywood star when I'm needed here?
Carl: (offscreen) Well, to be fair, sir, you do get paid more than we do.
Ray Liotta: Yes. Yes, I do.

(Cut to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated ♪
(Cut to inside. The intercom buzzes. Doofenshmirtz walks up to push it.)
Doofenshmirtz: Who is it? (Perry chatters on the intercom) Oh, Perry the Platypus, come on up. (He pushes the door button and giggles to himself and sneaks behind a chair. He peers from behind to laugh again. Perry opens the door and runs in. Doofenshmirtz jumps from behind the chair with a remote.) Aha! (He pushes the button and a net falls down on him.) Okay, I chalk that up to poor planning...again. (gives Perry a newspaper) Anyhow, look at this. Can you believe it? My goody two-shoes brother is getting an award for being the best Danville mayor ever for the second year in a row! And he's only been mayor for one year! I am going to make sure he never gets that award! Uh, you see, people used to laugh at me all the time. I know it's hard to believe now, but it's true. They would laugh at me. And would they laugh at my brother? No! Never! Of course not! Well, things are about to change. Thanks to my brand new Chicken-Replace-inator!
(Cut to an inator that looks like a chicken.)
♪ Buck buck BAWWWWWWK! ♪
(Perry gives him a look)
Doofenshmirtz: This beautiful device replaces anything it hits with a chicken! How funny will that be? Roger gets handed the award, and suddenly, it's a chicken! Ha ha! And not just chicken, but the nearest chicken! Which, when you think about it, saves a lot of energy. I mean, why pull some chicken from halfway around the world when, uh, there might be one available right around the cornerrrrrrruh? (takes off the net and throws it onto Perry) Ah, this is much better. Anyway, like I was saying, all I have to do is point this at Roger just as they're handing him his award, and zap! He goes from prestigious mayor with a major award to just some guy holding a chicken. I mean, have you ever seen anyone not laugh at a chicken? Chicken laugh! Chicken laugh! It's obligatory.

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz looking through binoculars at the ceremony)
Doofenshmirtz: Yes, yes, there he is. The second he takes that award, bazing! There it is. It's chicken time, baby! (Perry throws the net back onto Doofenshmirtz) The net? Again? (takes it off) Really? You know somethin'... What are you doin'? (Perry hits the inator with a wrench and breaks the pedestal) Careful with that! (Doofenshmirtz catches the inator) Perry the Platypus, you are gonna get such a chickening! (He zaps the wrench which is replaced by a chicken.) Ah! (He zaps something down below. Cut to a posh old lady with a dog. The dog gets replaced by a chicken. The lady laughs. Doofenshmirtz zaps it again. It zaps a car, which gets replaced by a giant chicken. The man in the car laughs. A crossing guard is then replaced by a chicken. Two boys crossing laugh.) I hope you're noting this, Perry the Platypus! Chicken laugh! Chicken laugh! See?! I told ya!

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, come out, come out, wherever you are. You've got an appointment with the nearest chicken. I've got something that I need to— (He gets startled as he sees Perry standing in front of him) Now, prepare to be turned into a— (Perry takes out a rubber chicken) Huh, what is that? A rubber chicken? (Perry puts the rubber chicken into the inator's beak) What are you gonna do with... Actually, that's kinda funny. No matter! Prepare to meet your chicken! (He activates the inator, which starts to inflate and overheat) What the heck's wrong with this? Oh boy.
(Perry escapes on his parachute)
♪ Agent P! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: No, no!! (Kaboom! We hear massive clucking inside)

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz who is now in a room full of chickens)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, look, it's chickens! It's (groans) I guess chickens aren't as funny as I thought.

Doofelations Season 3:162 | Sleepwalk Surprise

(Back in the living room, Perry walks to the recliner in pet mode. He puts on his fedora, sits on the recliner and pulls the lever. Perry falls through the recliner and lands in his lair. On the monitor, Major Monogram is seen, looking tired.)
Major Monogram: Ah, Agent P, I want to apologize for my appearance. You see, I was up all night monitoring Doofenshmirtz. It seems that—zzzzzzzzzzzz.... Yeah, I'll have cake.
Carl: (Off-screen) Sir?
Major Monogram: (Wakes up)—Up all night, uh, building inators. See what he's-- zzzzzzzzzz....
Carl: (Off-screen) I think you can go, Agent P.
♪ Agent P! ♪

(Cut to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: (On a cell phone) You really think I need aluminum siding? (Perry crashes through the roof and lands on one knee with a hand to the ground.) Oh, oops, gotta go, I got a guest. (hangs up, turns around and claps) Well, Perry the Platypus. Oh, hey, nice landing pose. See, that would kill my knees. (Pushes a remote) Haha!! You're trapped! (Two floorboards come out and trap him.) Let's talk about what you've been up to, Perry the Platypus. You've been sneaking into my lair secretly and building inators in the middle of the night! (Perry looks confused) Oh, don't act all so innocent. Every morning when I wake up, there's a new inator. Look! See? Three of 'em! (Cut to the inators. Cut back to Perry, who shrugs.) Re-Really, you didn't do it? If it wasn't you, then who was it? I mean, you and I are the only ones who are ever here, which is sad in and of itself. B-But I'm not building them in my sleep! (gasps) Wait, that's it! I'm sleep-inventing! That's fabulous!
(Song: "I'm Unconsciously Creating Truly Evil Inators")
(jumping around) ♪ I'm unconsciously creating ♪
♪ Complicated and ♪
♪ Truly evil ♪
♪ In-a-tors! ♪
Ah, look at you. So evil. I wonder what you do. Le-Le-Let's see. (He activates the first inator. It zaps a table, which turns into confetti.) Wait, how is confetti evil? I mean, it makes a mess, sure, but i-is it really evil? (walks up to the second inator) Alright, let's try this one. (He activates it, it zaps a couch, which turns into a giant cupcake.) A big cupcake? (Walks up to the cupcake) Well, maybe it tastes evil. Yes. (He dips his finger into the frosting and puts his finger in his mouth.) Mmm, yes, chocolate!!! The most evil flavor in— (sighs) Who am I kidding? This is delicious. (Walks to the third inator.) Let's see what this one does. Oh, Norm!
Norm: Does someone need their spelling checked?
Doofenshmirtz: No. I just wanted to do this! (He zaps Norm with the inator.)
Norm: How about a hug?
Doofenshmirtz: A huginator?!!
Norm: (walking up to Doofenshmirtz) Unable to resist hugging impulse.
Doofenshmirtz: (walking back against the wall) No! No! Noooooo!!!!
(Norm crashes into the wall taking Doofenshmirtz with him.)

(Cut back to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: W-W-What does this mean? (Cut to Doofenshmirtz in Norm's embracing arms) W-When I'm awake I build evil inators that fail, and when I'm asleep, I build nice inators that work? Ah, what is my subconscious trying to tell me? It's just so exhausting. Ugh, I feel like I've been up all night, which, I, I guess I have, building nice inators, apparently. It's just... (droopily) Yeah, I'm getting sleepy. Ripple dissolve imminent.

(Ripple dissolve to dream sequence where Doofenshmirtz, wearing a fedora and having a beaver tail, is in a strange world full of lawn gnomes, Giant Floating Baby Heads, Balloonys, Goozims and a tombstone shaped like Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, man, this had better be a dream because I don't like where this is going.

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz's dream sequence.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, man, everything here in dreamland is so distorted and ugly. Say... (Wide shot to reveal a short green devilish imp that looks like him) you look familiar.
Imp: I should. I'm the inner you!
Doofenshmirtz: Inner me?! Are you the one that's been making those good inators?!?!
Inner Doofenshmirtz: I was trying to help you, you nincompoop!

(Flashback)
Inner Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) Yes, late at night, I was instructing you how to make the ultimate inator!
Inner Doofenshmirtz: (in flashback) That's enough! Don't overtighten it, like your brain! Now, let's just imagine how it will work.

(Fantasy sequence of Doofenshmirtz with the inators laughing)
Doofenshmirtz: The Cake-O'-Hug-A-Fetti-inator! Fire!
(The inator zaps the city of Danville turning it into frosted desert delicacies.)
Skater Dude: What's happening? Dude, is this cake?
(The inator zaps again.)
Woman: Ugh, the cake is hugging us!
Man: Hey, everybody, it's okay! We can eat our way out!
(The inator zaps a third time, this time at three clouds turning them into confetti.)
Man: Ugh! Forget about eating it now! It's covered in paper!
Doofenshmirtz: It's mine! The Tri-State Area's finally mine! (The building disappears and he falls into a throne and gets crowned. The throne floats into the air surrounded by herald trumpets.) Hey, wait a minute! Wait!
(End fantasy sequence.)
(End flashback.)

Doofenshmirtz: Now, was that a fantasy inside a flashback inside of a dream?
Inner Doofenshmirtz: Well, let me put it this way. (Slaps Doofenshmirtz.)
(End dream sequence.)

Doofenshmirtz: What? What? What?!
Norm: Did you have a nice nap?
Doofenshmirtz: Ugh, enough with the hugging! Let go!
Norm: (lets go of Doofenshmirtz in a manner that sharply throws the evil scientist onto the floor extremely hard) You're da boss!
Doofenshmirtz: (on the ground moaning) Y'know, I'm gonna make a plug for you so I can unplug you.

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz on the floor.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, wow, Perry the Platypus, I just had the freakiest dream. You know those dreams that seem logical while you're having them but are total nonsense when you wake up? (Pushing the inators together) I think I was some kind of 1940s business beaver, oh, and, uh... Oh, I might as well get these three useless things out of my lab and push them out onto the balcony and... (Perry struggles to get out of the trap) Wait a minute! I've seen this before! In my dream! That's right! It's only really effective if I put them all together! (Perry gets out of the trap) Hey, hey, Perry the Platy— (Perry flings into him.)

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz on the balcony.)
Doofenshmirtz: I dare you to try that again! (Perry kicks him again and the inators roll away.) Well, I did dare him, I guess. No! No! (The first inator falls off) A third of my inator! (Wide shot of the building as the falling inator activates)

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz and Perry fighting.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, Norm, a little help, please!
Norm: Who needs a hug?
(Perry tumbles off of Doofenshmirtz, who gets smooshed by a falling Norm.)
Doofenshmirtz: Noooo!!!
(Norm crashes into the inator, and the second part of it falls and activates.)

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz.)
Doofenshmirtz: Norm! What did you do, you big garbage disposal?! Now two of them are ruined! (Sarcastically) W-Why don't you just throw the third one over?!
Norm: (getting up) If you insist! (Doofenshmirtz flinches in despair realizing what he's done; Norm throws the machine off the balcony)
Doofenshmirtz: Nooooooo-ho-hooooo!!!!
(The third inator activates.)

(Cut to D.E.I. where Perry hang-glides his way out. Cut to Doofenshmirtz and Inner Doofenshmirtz on the balcony.)
Doofenshmirtz: So much for that inator.
Inner Doofenshmirtz: Ugh, tell me about it!
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, what are you doing here?! This isn't a dream!
Inner Doofenshmirtz: Oh, isn't it?
(Pause.)
Doofenshmirtz: No. No, it isn't.
Inner Doofenshmirtz: Oh, crud.
(In a puff of smoke, the Inner Doofenshmirtz disappears and Doofenshmirtz looks at the camera in anger.)

Doofelations Season 3:163 | Sci-Fi Pie Fly

(Switches to an antique puppet theater, where Agent P goes to get his briefing from Major Monogram)
(Song: "Monogram Rap This Old Man")
Major Monogram: (while holding a puppet version of himself, singing to the tune of "This Old Man") ♪ Agent P, ♪
♪ Over here. Let us get this thing in gear. ♪
♪ There's a big, ol' lump of trouble in town ♪
♪ Awful things are going down. ♪
(stops to inhale)
♪ Please go stop Doofenshmirtz ♪
♪ I know this puppet show's the worst, ♪
♪ But I never said that I could write a song-- ♪
Ohh... Could you just leave? This is really embarrassing.

(Switches to Evil, Inc.)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
Perry: (flies in and gets trapped in a chef's hat)
Doofenshmirtz: Aw, look how cute you are! All snug in your cozy widdle trap. (chuckles) Why the chef's hat you ask? It's the cheapest way I could find to trap you. Hey, times are tough waiting for my alimony check!
(backstory starts)
I have to watch every penny. And the 37 minutes are free deal from the local pizza guy could really make a difference.
Pizza man: (knocking)
Doofenshmirtz: (whilst slowly gliding his feet along the door, constantly checking his watch while doing so) Just a second!
Pizza man: (continues knocking)
Doofenshmirtz: Coming!
Pizza man: (continues knocking)
Doofenshmirtz: (continues gliding feet) Almost there!
Pizza man: (knocks)
Doofenshmirtz: (opens door)
Pizza man: (holds out hand, in a fashion of asking for money)
Doofenshmirtz: Can you belive he made me pay, anyway?
(flashback ends)
I vowed revenge. Cheap revenge. My first plan involved exploding pizza dough.
(explosion)
But you know what? He turned it into a special! He actually charged more for it! And that is why I created... (removes lab coat sleeves) ...the Dough-Blow-Inator! You wear it! (lab coat falls off) You see, this baby generates a powerful current of air which can hold pizza aloft indefinitely! Ha-ha! So now, I will challenge pizza boy to a pie-spinning duel at the Pizza Day Festival in Danville Park today. I'm gonna humiliate him in front of tens of people! And you are gonna have a front row seat. (puts hat on) Plus, you really complete the look.

(Cut to Danville Park. The pizza guy is entertaining tens of people on a stage with his dough creations.)
Pizza Guy: (Italian accent) Hey, everybody, she got-a free pizza? (audience cheers) Hey, look-a what you see! It's a dough-osaur! Ha hey! The Leaning Tower of Pizza! Ay? Everyone having a good time?
Doofenshmirtz: No! No, we're not! We're having a rotten time, you stingy jerk!
Pizza Guy: Why you-a callin' me these bad guy things?
Doofenshmirtz: Because you cheated me! 37 minutes or free! That was the deal! And 38 minutes later, you welched on it!
Pizza Guy: But I would-a never! Wait-a one second! You are the guy who set up-a the traps to slow me down, yes?
Doofenshmirtz: Yes, I have traps, but th-they weren't necessarily for you, y'know, specifically, but... Look, enough of your excuses! I challenge you to a dough duel!
Pizza Guy: (using his dough as a grass skirt while doing the hula) A dough duel, eh? I accept-a your challenge! If you win, I give you-a free pizza for life! But if I win, you no order my pizza ever again!
Doofenshmirtz: Deal! I don't want your stupid pizza anyway. (Perry struggles to get out of the trap.) Don't bother! Chin strap!

(Cut back to the saucer.)
Baljeet: (to Buford) So, if you do not believe the flying saucer is real, why did you want to take a turn flying it?
Buford: Just confirmin' it's not real. Besides, I categorically deny I'm flyin' it.
Isabella: Look out!
(The saucer crashes into the "FREE PIZZA" banner and then crashes into the stage where Doof and the Pizza Guy are.)
Pizza Guy: A little early to be knockin' my pizza down. We haven't even-a started yet!
Doofenshmirtz: That wasn't me. You... W-Wait, where's my chef's hat?
(Cut to Perry slinking in the hat offstage. Doof growls.)
Pizza Guy: You-a ready, fella?
Doofenshmirtz: Nope. First, I'm gonna do a little pre-gloating. I'm goin' to wipe the floor with you. I'm goin' to make you scream for mercy and there will be none! Men will weep. Children will wail! Whales will wail! Like...like this... (Mimics whale song.) Like they do, except they'll be doing it on your behalf! And women will look away as you walk the hall of shame! (beat) Okay, now I'm ready.
Pizza Guy: One-a, two-a, three-a...GO!
(Perry switches the control from blow to suck and the pizza dough gets sucked in.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, no, no!
Pizza Guy: (also getting sucked in) Hey! What's-a your deal?!
(More and more things get sucked into Doof's sleeves.)
Doofenshmirtz: This is not at all what I had in mind! Oh! Oh, this really sucks! I mean, literally! Okay!
(A woman's baby gets sucked in, the woman does so as well, and so do more spectators.)
Man: This is really uncomfortable.
Doofenshmirtz: Boy!
(KABOOM!!!)
Doofenshmirtz: That failure was spectacular...even for me!
Pizza Guy: You must be a lot of fun at the parties! (American accent) But, seriously, don't order my pizzas again, okay?
Doofenshmirtz: Alright, deal. Curse you, Perry the Platypus!

Doofelations Season 3:164 | Sipping with the Enemy

(Scene changes to "Steam Noir" coffee shop. Vanessa Doofenshmirtz and Monty Monogram are standing next to each other in line.)
Vanessa: (Glances back and notices Monty.) I know you. Didn't I see you flying off my dad's roof?
Monty: You're going to have to be more specific; I fly off so many roofs.
Vanessa: Really?
Monty: Nah, just the one. Of course I remember you. You're Vanessa Doofenshmirtz.
Vanessa: And you're Monty Monogram.
Monty: That's right.
Vanessa: Should we even be seen in the same room together? I mean, you know, our dads being sworn enemies and all?
Cashier: What can I get for you two?
Vanessa and Monty: (At the same time) Cappuccino with chocolate powder on top and a ginger scone please. (Glances at each other)
Cashier: ...and two straws no doubt.
Monty: Okay, putting aside the fact that our fathers are sworn enemies, want to have those cappuccinos together?
Vanessa: Sure, sounds cool.

(Scene changes to Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: Morning Agent P. I guess we're getting a little bit of a late start. Our sources say that Doofenshmirtz is on his way to "Steam Noir", the hippest coffee house in town. We need you to get there before he arrives and stop him from doing anything, you know, nefarious. (pauses) I've got a "Word a Day" calendar.

(Doofenshmirtz pulls up to Steam Noir and walks in the front door)
Doofenshmirtz: Steam Noir! Vanessa says the coolest people in town hang out right here.
Monty: My dad thought I wanted to be an acrobat. I mean it was fun but it wasn't my thing.
Vanessa: My dad was the same way with... (Doofenshmirtz walks in front and Vanessa's voice fades out)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah waiter, you mind if I tell you my evil scheme? My nemesis didn't show up today and I still have to get it out. I figured since I'm getting nowhere with the older Tri-State population, maybe I should go for the younger demographic. So, behold! The Cool-inator! Well, you can't really behold it, it's out in the car. But trust me, it's behold-worthy. First, I will suck all the cool out of this place, it being the hippest coffee house in town. Then, I will blast myself with the cool concentrate, transforming into such an "awesome dude" that you, disaffected youth, will have no choice but to follow me blindly and help me, you know, take over the Tri-State Area! Anyway, the Cool-inator is so hip that it only runs on espresso, so let's fill her up.
Cashier: (Takes out headphones) What'd you say dude?
Doofenshmirtz: ...I need ten gallons of espresso.
Cashier: We only serve it in this cup, man.
Doofenshmirtz: Wow, really?
Cashier: It's espresso, man.
Doofenshmirtz: Fine. Let's see... this is about a quarter cup... and there's two cups in a pint... that would make... I'll have nine-hundred ninety nine more of these please.
Cashier: ...There are six-hundred forty quarter cups in ten gallons, man.
Doofenshmirtz: (Outside pouring a cup of espresso into the Cool-inator) This is gonna take a lot of trips.

(Scene change to Steam Noir)
Monty: Carl's in the college right? He can program the most sophisticated satellite tracking computer in the world but every time I try to call my dad he cuts me off. Can't even work a landline.
Vanessa: You think that's bad, every time I use the microwave, Norm starts involuntarily rapping.
(Monty and Vanessa talk and share stories indistinctly in the background while Doofenshmirtz walks back and forth from the counter to the car with espresso, as Perry hides the two from his view with assorted objects.)

Doofenshmirtz: Hit me again. Hey do you mind if I use your restroom? I mean, technically I haven't had any coffee here, but I've bought coffee here and I thought that would qualify. I had a lot of coffee earlier this morning... Heh, okay TMI, I get it.
(Perry sets a trap causing Doofenshmirtz to slide and skid into the restroom without seeing Vanessa.)
Doofenshmirtz: Is this...Waaaah!
Vanessa: So I look up, and there he is in front of the whole school... (indistinct)... finally stepping on the other team's feet as he walks.
Monty: Well at least he showed up. I mean, if I had a nickel for every time I got the, "Your father couldn't make it, he's working late," call. But I guess that's really your dad's fault.
Vanessa: So... what exactly do you mean by that?
Doofenshmirtz: (screams as he skids on the way out of the bathroom, stopping at the counter, sighs) ... You're out of paper.

(Scene change to Steam Noir)
Doofenshmirtz: (Pouring the last cup into the Cool-inator) Finito!
(Doofenshmirtz walks into Steam Noir with the Cool-inator)
Doofenshmirtz: Alright, heads up hipsters, get ready to lose your cool!
Monty: Well what I meant is that my dad spends all his time dealing with your father's schemes.
Vanessa: I'll have you know, my father is a misunderstood genius.
Monty: Genius? I have three words for you: Self. Destruct. Buttons.
Vanessa: And yet, in spite of all that, there's my dad free to do it all over again the next day. Whoa, really effective bunch of spies you've got there major.
(Perry pushes Monty and Vanessa into the back alley behind Steam Noir)
Monty:  At least my dad's spy network isn't funded by monthly alimony checks.
Vanessa: You do know that what he calls a "spy network" is actually just a petting zoo. With hats!
(Perry looks offended.)

Doofenshmirtz: Say goodbye to your street cred hip-cats! (turns on the Cool-inator)
Male Customer 1: So I said to him, "Step off my guest list, poser." (gets zapped by the Cool-inator) You want to hear how my nose whistles?
Male Customer 2: Yeah man, you know, it's all about my blogs, you know. I blog about blogs that blog about other blogs. (gets zapped by the Cool-inator along with Female customer)
Female customer: You want to hear a dream I had about my cat?
Male Customer 3: Can I get some more local, organic water? (gets zapped by the Cool-inator) I can't drink any more iced tea, because when I drink iced tea I get craazyyyyy.

(Scene change to Steam Noir)
Doofenshmirtz: Now to set the -inator on "reverse" and blast myself with all of the cool!
(Perry flips the Cool-inator onto Doofenshmirtz, where it shoots a ray before exploding. The ray bounces off a satellite.)

(Scene change to Steam Noir)
Doofenshmirtz: You know, Perry the Platypus, this is very uncool of you.
(Perry takes off his fedora to reveal a beanie propeller cap)
Doofenshmirtz: A beanie propeller cap? Tha... (The propeller spins and Perry takes off) Uh... alright I'll give that to you, that's kind of cool.
Customers: Are you cyber? Uh, want to do a sketch in my sketch book? Where'd you get that gnarly lab coat?
Doofenshmirtz: No! No! No you're nerds! Get away from me, I'm not like you! I'm... I'm cool! Or, I was going to be cool, when I shot myself with the -inator, which is now destroy... uh... curse you Perry the Platypus!

Doofelations Season 3:165 | Tri-State Treasure: Boot of Secrets

(The Flynn-Fletcher family is at a flea market, in front of a stadium bearing a billboard that reads "Danville SWAP MEET")
Lawrence: Well here we are gang, the semi-annual Tri-State Area antique show and swap meet. Here you can find anything under the sun, literally, because it's held outdoors. (Chuckles) Ha, ha.
Phineas: Anything, Dad?
Lawrence: Well, actually there is one thing you probably won't be able to find here. An 1807 Dorcham and Wesley Boot Scraper, only one of them was ever made,
(dramatically) and it's been lost to the mists of time! Oh, if only I could find that, I'd be the envy of the entire antiquing community; especially Worthington Dubois,
(he clenches his fists) my antiquing nemesis!
Linda: You have an antiquing nemesis?
Lawrence: You don't know everything about me.
Phineas: Ferb, I know what we're going to do today!

(Song: "Danville Swap Meet")
♪ We got chrome-plated carburetors, ♪
♪ calibrated regulators, ♪
♪ tube socks, cuckoo clocks, ♪
♪ multi-colored alligators, ♪
♪ taxidermy jackalope, presidential bar soap, ♪
♪ you can find it all at the swap meet. ♪

♪ You can take it away, ♪
♪ if you can fit it in your ride, ♪
♪ gotta lower the seat and then give it a slide, ♪
♪ but there are things you gotta know when you head to the show, ♪
♪ if you add to your stash you got to do it with cash. ♪

♪ Purple-padded toilet seat, ♪
♪ dolphin made of concrete, ♪
♪ hubcaps, mudflaps, food that isn't safe to eat, ♪
♪ macramé dust mop, curtain made of pop-tops, ♪
♪ you can find it all at the swap meet. ♪

♪ You can find it all at the swap meet… ♪

Phineas: Dad, I know you said that the Dorcham and Westley boot scraper thing was lost to the mists of time.
Lawrence: I did, didn't I? Well, I suppose I get melodramatic when I start talking about antiques.
Phineas: Well Ferb and I found this in that parchment booth.
(Ferb takes out an old, worn out scroll)
Lawrence: (He examines the scroll) A Dorcham and Westley Boot Scraper's map! But only three of them were ever made,
(dramatically) and they were lost to the mists of- oh I'm doing it again.
Phineas: And we know what we're going to do today. Hey, where's Perry?

Man: (to his customer) A Reno Man number forty-five, that's a classic gig brother.
(Perry turns the cover of the comic book, which reads "Agent of O.W.C.A" and bears a drawing of a Major Monogram. Climbing into an opening, he slides down a chute and enters his lair)
Major Monogram: Good morning Agent P. Look, here's the thing, I don't know what Doof is up to. I've been busy giving each of my friends personalized ring-tones. I have one for you.
♪ Perry ♪
Major Monogram: -and one for Carl.
♪ Carl ♪
Monogram: I want to send out a ringtone for when I call my friends, (monotonously) but I don't have a theme song. Anyway, go stop Doofenshmirtz!

Candace: What an incredible waste of time. I mean, come on. Most of this stuff if you saw it on the sidewalk, you'd walk around– it. (She sees something) A Ducky Momo, first edition, green pupil variant, with a left handed pull cord! Heavenly light, angel chorus! I must have it. But I gotta play it cool.
(She walks over to the man who is selling the Ducky Momo)
Candace: So, uh, yeah, a friend needs a paperweight for her, uh, desk, and mmm, this little trinket looks about the right size.
Flea market Salesman: Please, little girl, this little trinket is a Ducky Momo, first edition, green pupil variant, with a left-handed pull cord. There are only two of these in North America, they're more rare than Dorcham and Westley Boot Scraper's Maps, but not quite as rare as the Dorcham and Westley Boot Scraper.
Candace: Yeah, yeah, mists of time, whatever. What do you want for it?
Salesman: You couldn't afford it.
Candace: Would you take something in trade?
Salesman: The one thing I want is the one thing I can't have. That. Early Twentieth Century Abyssinian silver baby rattle. But he won't sell it to me because of that silly French cabinet!
Salesman 2: You broke the arms off my armoire, now its just a -oire!
Candace: If I get you that baby rattle, will you give me the Ducky Momo?
Salesman: Yes, I will.
Candace: You! How much for that baby rattle?!
Salesman 2: Why, so you can sell it to him?
Candace: Well, uh, yeah.
Salesman 2: No sale.
Candace: Oh, come on! Everybody wants something.
Salesman 2: Okay, there is something I've always wanted. A Flenco G4 crystal radio!
Salesman 3: (With the radio) …If you get me a cane with a cobra on it.
Salesman 4: Battle of Danville commemorative dentures.
Salesman 5: Pink Gorilla suit.
Candace: Ducky Momo, First edition figurine I will have you.

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, hello, Perry the Platypus. Well, as they say in the film business, it's a wrap!
(Perry becomes wrapped up in rolls of filmstrips)
Get it? 'Cause you're wrapped. In film. Well as you know, films sway public opinion better than any other medium. So I have produced a movie that will convince the people of the Tri-State Area, to make me their leader. Here's a clip.
Doofenshmirtz: (in the film) Make me your leader.
Doofenshmirtz: It can't miss! Anywho, I'm going to enter it in the Danville Film Festival today. There's only one small hitch, turns out it's Danville's Young Filmmakers Festival. You have to be less than fifteen years old, but no matter. Because, behold, my De-Age-inator. With this I'll turn myself into a fourteen-year-old boy, submit my film to the festival, and sit back as the people of Danville are convinced that I must be installed as the leader of the entire Tri-State Area!

Candace: Cigar box banjo. An old time diving suit. Fur lined telephone, be right back.

Lawrence: Well the map has led us to Boot Scrapers Hall.
(They enter Boot Scrapers Hall)
Oh, the spirit of Danville, see how his sole gleams, the Boot Scapers took their craft seriously.
Phineas: Hey, look there's a plaque. But what are these funny symbols?
Lawrence: (Gasps) By Harry! That's Boot Scrape! The secret language of the ancient boot scapers.
(Reading) To gain the world, and halt the wintle, reverse your mind, and mind the lintel.
Phineas: The lintel?
Lawrence: It's the space between two columns. Look!
Phineas: Is that Greek?
Lawrence: Well I know Greek, but I don't recognize some of these symbols.
Phineas: Wait a minute, reverse your mind… Ferb.
(Ferb takes out a mirror)
Phineas: (Reading) "The disk of fate drops the boot."
"The disk of fate…"?
Lawrence: Oh, it's that coat of arms right there.
Phineas: The Statue! Guys look, the statue's boot is not resting on that podium. And that podium has a giant slot in it.
(After he pulls off the coat of arms) Look, it a big penny. Ferb, pay the man.
(Ferb inserts the penny into the slot)
Lawrence: Just like an old iron penny bank. Stand back boys.
(The statues foot rest upon the podium, depressing it, cause the statue to slide away, revealing a large spiraling staircase downward)
Phineas: Wow.
Lawrence: Yes, the Boot Scrapers were renowned for their elaborate spiral staircases. If that Dorcham and Westley Boot Scraper still exists, we'll find it down here.
Dubois (as "Man"): Not if I, Worthington Dubois, have anything to say about it.
(He laughs, evilly)

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, this seems to be unplugged. There.
(The -inator fires hitting Perry's trap) Oops. Oh, the film melted into … oil. That doesn't make any sense, it's not a Melt-inator. It's a, Oh right. Film is made from some petroleum product, and it made it younger so, I goes it makes some sort of ridiculous sense.
(Perry attacks Doofenshmirtz) One last setting and to the De-Age-inator, and it will be ready to fire.
(The -inator fires)
Younger Doofenshmirtz: Cool, I'm fourteen years old. Ha, ha, I totally beat you, dude. Now all I got to do is take this DVD to the Film Festival, and then I'll, like, have a lot of power, and stuff. And I'll like–
(Perry runs in front of Doofenshmirtz)
No way, dude! You're not the boss of me.

Candace: What do you want for the 1965 Northern Llama Rancher's Association commemorative creamer?
Man: I don't know, a buck?
Candace: (Exchanging the various items) Commemorative creamer, clear flugelhorn. Clear Flugelhorn for a baseball stein. Baseball stein for cyclops Santa.

(The three arrive at a large pair of double doors, and enter them.)
Phineas: Cool. Inner temple.
Lawrence: Okay, let's get a move on.
Phineas: Get down Dad!
(Phineas and Ferb tackle Lawrence, saving them from the onslaught of projectiles flying over head)
Lawrence: Cobbler's mallets. Why did it have to be cobbler's mallets?
Phineas: That was close.
Lawrence: Yes, the Boot Scrapers were master craft-
(Phineas, Ferb, and Lawrence fall through a trap door)
Lawrence: The Cavern of Secrets. This entire room was made from materials scraped off the boots of Danville Elders, who were highly creative engineers.

Candace: (Continuing to trade the various items) Battleship hat. Coffee grinder pogo stick. Thankless letters home, evil angel suit.

Lawrence: Oh, blimey.
Phineas: I had no idea there was such a wide variety historical of boot scrapers. Which one is it Dad?
Lawrence: Well, that's the question isn't it. Only one of these can be the true Dorcham and Westley. And no doubt a wrong choice will trigger a nasty booby trap. Boot scrapers were famously vengeful people. This could take every ounce of antiquing knowledge that I possess.
(Lawrence begins looking at the scrapers)
Phineas: You can do it, Dad!
(He continues to stare at them, and eventually reaches for one)
Dubois: (Appearing suddenly, and grabbing the scraper Lawrence was reaching for) At last! A hedgehog, of course. This truly is the Dorcham and Westley Boot Scraper of legend.
Lawrence: But Worthington, there are no hedgehogs in America!
Dubois: What, oh well that's just– (He gets squished by a giant boot)
Phineas: Wow, he chose poorly.
Lawrence: Well, seeing as the place is falling apart anyway. (He grabs all the remaining boot scrapers, and the three run out)

Candace: (Still at it) Pink gorilla suit. Battle of Danville commemorative dentures. A cane with a cobra on it.

Doofenshmirtz: Dude, chill, it's mine. I don't have to give it to you. (As they fight, Doofenshmirtz unlocks the rapid fire, and sends beams of de-aging from his roof) Hey! Quit it. You're pushing me, dude.

(Candace walks to the man selling the Ducky Momo, and show him the baby rattle)
Salesman: You actually got it! Let me see if I can find a box. (A ray from Doofenshmirtz's -inator hits the baby rattle) I don't seem to have a box, oh well. Wait a second! Where's the patina?! This is obviously brand new. It's not an antique. No trade!
Candace: (To the sky) WHY?!

Doofenshmirtz: (to Perry) Dude, you just totally broke my -inator.

(Phineas, Ferb, and Lawrence run back through Boot Scraper's Hall, escaping just in the nick of time)
Lawrence: That was an ever-closer one.
Dubois: Not so fast, Fletcher. When I fell, I landed in the ruins of the Hall of the Sandal Scrapers. An order of scrapers far more ancient than your miserable boot scrapers. And with this (Dubois reveals a sandal scraper, and begins transforming onto a much larger ghost) I will become the most powerful antiques collector the world has ever seen.
Ferb: Perhaps next time we should buy new.
Dubois: Prepare to (He gets hit with a green beam) Oh no! My enemies from beyond space!
(A fleet of UFOs arrive)
Phineas: Hey look Ferb, it's Garbog. Hi Garbog!
(Garbog says something, then zapps the three of them into UFOs)
Phineas: This is going to be good. Team Danville, assemble!
Dubois: How dare you! (The fleet unloads upon him) My future wickedness!
(A banner falls down, reading "The End")

Announcer: And that was the winner of this years young filmmakers contest. let's have a hand for the directors, Phineas Flynn and Ferb Fletcher.
(People cheer)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, crud. Can somebody drive me home?
Phineas: Thank you everyone. But we couldn't have done this on our own. We'd like to thank our dad Lawrence Fletcher for spending all afternoon making this movie with us.
Linda: (To Lawrence) I had no idea you were so good with special effects.
Lawrence: Oh yeah, but it was mostly them.
Phineas: And we'd like to introduce the actor responsible our villain to life.
(Dubois walks onstage.)
Dubois: Don't you mean (He tears off the costume, revealing Buford and Baljeet)
Buford and Baljeet: ...actors?
Buford: 'Cause there's two of us. 
Phineas: Take a bow guys.
(Buford bows, and sends Baljeet tumbling off his shoulders)
Baljeet: Why is there an orchestra pit in a movie theater?
Doofenshmirtz: Seriously, I need a ride.

Doofelations Season 3:166 | Doofapus

(Cuts to the backyard. Perry puts on his fedora and his helmet. He then pulls a tricycle out of the bushes, and begins to ride it. He rings the bells and then goes to an underground tunnel, and through the parking garage. He then goes to the elevator that leads him to his lair. He parks his tricycle by chaining it to the bike racks)
Major Monogram: Come in. Sit down, Agent P. We have a serious problem. It seems that someone, and I'm not saying who, someone has spilled on the couch in the lobby.
Carl: Sir, I..
Major Monogram: A very expensive couch when we bought it in 1985.
Carl: Sir, all I did was turn the cushion over. The stain was already...
Major Monogram: If the responsible party is present...
Carl: Sir, it was Agent M. He spilled a latte in 1990.
Major Monogram: Ugh. We were hoping to get him here a couple of years out of that couch...
Carl: Anywho?
Major Monogram: Anywho, our surveillance operatives have been getting some mixed signals from Doofenshmirtz. He was observed at the Danville Library, checking out books on Eastern Australia and hydrostatic cell fusion. We haven't come up with any ideas about what he's up to...
Carl: Maybe he's trying to recreate Pangaea, sir
Major Monogram: Like I said, we haven't come up with anything yet. So, we need you to get in there, and find out. Good luck, and be careful out there

(Cuts to exterior of Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(Perry falls into Doofenshmirtz's traps)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, hello, Perry the Platypus! Over here. No, here. Look a-- Look a little more this way. (Poorly imitates Perry's chatter) What do you think? Huh? I've joined you in the genus Ornithorhynchus. That's right, I am a platypus! (Evil laughter) Yeah, hang on. Let me turn off the dramatic lighting. How did this come to be? I'll tell you, since you didn't ask. After years of being bested by your battles, I decided to fight fire with fire, and in both cases, fire means platypus, and with just means with. It was simple; the best way to beat a platypus was to become a platypus. That way, our skills would be evenly matched. So, after a couple of hours of promising experiments and some intricate designs, I finally created the Platyp-inator! Pretty cool, huh? Now, before I defeat you, I think I should further level the playing field. There, now I'm trapped, too. And go! You're not struggling, I said go. We should both be-- (Perry joins in) Yeah, like that. Okay.

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: Phew! This whole evenly matched thing is exhausting. How about we take a short break? Do you ever get tired of lugging this big tail around? I mean, sure, it's great for fighting, but it's weird for sitting and stuff. I just figure I'd ask you because you know, you would know. Uh, sugar or agave syrup? (Perry points to agave syrup) Here. I don't know if this is fur or really tiny feathers. I can't tell. It's so warm, but it breathes. Well, back at it, I guess. (Both resume fighting)
♪ Fight, fight ♪
♪ There's a platypus fight ♪
♪ It's a fracas, it's a fray, ♪
♪ it's a mo-- ♪

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
♪ Fight, fight! There's a platypus fight! ♪
♪ It's a duuck-biiiilleeeed... (slow-mo) ♪

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, Perry the Platypus, this isn't working. I need to become something stronger than a platypus. Let's see, what's-- what's stronger than a platypus? (Gasps) Two platypuses, that's it! I've got just the thing right over here. (Runs to the roof to pull out a sheet covering the -inator to reveal it) Behold! My Double-inator!

(Back to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: I'll just shoot myself with this baby, and then I will have the advantage because there will be two of me.. (Perry attacks Doofapus, which sets off the Double-inator, hitting Phineas and Ferb's invention, making it liquify)
Phineas: Anyone else see that?
Doofenshmirtz: Wonder what that hit. Whatever that is, there's two of them now. Soon there's gonna be two of me, and then nothing can defeat me! Except maybe a bigger platypus made out of metal. Yeah, like that. (grunts) Curse you, Perry the Platypus! Even though I'm also a platypus at this point, and, uh... I hope this wears off soon. The novelty has worn thin.

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, well. I guess at least I'm back to normal.
Doofenshmirtz's clone: Me, too!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, good for you... (Exclaims)

Doofelations Season 3:167 | Norm Unleashed

(Scene shifts to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
Norm: Welcome, Perry the Platypus. Would you like a muffin? They're fresh and yummy! Muffins stay warmest here, close to my heart. You must be here to see Dr. Doofenshmirtz! (Perry chatters) I'm sorry he's not in right... (beeping) Whoops, incoming message.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, hello, Perry the Platypus! Sorry I couldn't be there to capture you personally. I was called in for jury duty. But no big deal, I've got the perfect "get out of jury duty free" card! (Perry chatters) Relax, it's totally legit. Meanwhile, I'm leaving Norm in charge, the big lump. Hey, try to make yourself useful, Norm! Would it kill you to show some initiative?
Norm: Show some initiative? You never asked me to do that before.
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, well, I'm out of your blast radius today, so surprise me, why don't you? Try not to be a complete disappointment.
Baliff: DOOFENSHMIRTZ!
Doofenshmirtz: Present!
Norm: Please enjoy your muffin! (Muffin traps Perry) Sorry for the inconvenience, Perry the Platypus. I'm showing initiative. When I help Dr. D take over the Tri-State Area, he will be so proud of me! Maybe then he will take me out for a game of catch! But how to do it? Dr. Doofenshmirtz makes complicated inventions which invariably fail. But I'm more results-oriented, so I'll just make a weapon!

(Scene shifts to the courtroom)
Judge: Juror number 9, state your occupation.
Juror number 9: I'm between jobs at the moment.
Doofenshmirtz: Ha! You'll never get out of jury duty with that story!
Judge: Dismissed!
Juror number 9: Man! I could've used this on my resume.
Judge: Juror number 10!
Doofenshmirtz: My name is Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz. My occupation..(giggles)...evil scientist!
Judge: Mad scientist!?
Doofenshmirtz: (angrily) No. No. No, not mad scientist! I'm not angry. Evil scientist. There's a difference...
Judge: Hold on, number 10. I think your background might lend a unique perspective to the case at hand. The State vs. Dr. Diminutive!
Dr. Diminutive: I didn't do it!
Doofenshmirtz: Dr. Diminutive!
Dr. Diminutive: Doofenshmirtz, it's your fault that I'm here!
Judge: (Judge bangs gavel on bench) Order!
Dr. Diminutive: He's the one who invented the Schmaltz-inator. Not me. I merely stole... I mean borrowed his device, and unleashed it's awesome power, unwittingly that is, upon the airwaves. (Dr. Diminutive's lawyer slaps his face in embarrassment)
Judge: Do you two know each other?
Doofenshmirtz: I have never seen him before in my life.
Dr. Diminutive: He lies! I have proof. The 2007 L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N. pudding review.
Doofenshmirtz: Why would you carry that in your wallet? Why would he carry that in his wallet?
Judge: Order! Order!
Doofenshmirtz: Would somebody please tell me why he would carry that in his wallet!?

(Scene shifts to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Norm: (Carrying a blowtorch and wearing a welding helmet) At last, my ultimate weapon is complete. Would you like to see it?
(Perry chatters)
Norm: Get ready for a surprise! It's me! Dr. D will be so proud!!! Assuming he survives the cataclysm. (flies away from Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.) Have a nice day!
(Perry uses the blowtorch to free himself from the trap)

(Scene shifts to Doofenshmirtz and Diminutive in prison)
(Dr. Diminutive plays a harmonica)
Doofenshmirtz: I'm just saying we only looked happy because we were singing. It's not a true representation of our relationship.
Norm: (In a distance from outside of the prison) Citizens of downtown Danville...
(Norm levitating in the sky above the city)
Norm: Pardon me for interrupting. You have two minutes to relinquish your city to me or see it utterly destroyed. Thank you for your cooperation.
Woman: What could we do?
Man: Utterly destroyed? That's like more than regular destroyed.
Man #2: But I just got a reservation at that new restaurant!
Woman #2: He was so jaunty when he was singing.

(Doofenshmirtz looking up at Norm from the window in his prison cell)
Doofenshmirtz: What? Weapons!? (angrily) Oh brilliant! Like nobody ever thought of that. I mean, you destroy the Tri-State Area and what are you ruler of? Rubble! And where's the panache? The je ne sais quoi?
Dr. Diminutive: He's an amateur.
Doofenshmirtz: I'm not talking to YOU!!!

(Norm levitating above the city)
Norm: Attention Danville, while your nervous scurrying is gratifying, I must inform you that you have one minute to...
(Perry creates the hind legs of a horse with the Nano-bots and uses them to kick Norm in the face)
Norm: (as he is being kicked in the face) Surrender!!!
(Perry creates a plane and flies over to Norm)
Norm: This has been delightful Perry, but I have a schedule to keep! (Fires a blast from one of his weapons at Perry)
(Perry creates a construction pipe and shoots the lethal blast from the weapon back at Norm)
(Norm catches the blast in his hands)
Norm: This is what I dreamed it would be like with Dr. D! Catch!!!
(Perry creates a baseball bat and hits the blast sending it into space)
(The blast from the weapon explodes over the Earth's atmosphere in outer space)
Norm: Thank you, Perry. That was a deeply satisfying, emotional experience. And a well-timed one coming only thirty seconds before you are destroyed along with the rest of Danville. A simple matter when you employ weapons and not one of those foolish inators. (beeping) Incoming message...
Doofenshmirtz: Hey!!! Who are you calling foolish you ingrate! Boy, one successful bit for tri-state area conquest and suddenly he's full of attitude! I guess I should've expected that from a guy with a SQUIRREL FOR A HEART!!!
Norm: Deep down he really likes me.
(Perry creates a giant acorn with the Nano-bots)
Norm: A giant acorn? How is that supposed to... (the squirrel operating Norm jumps out of him and leaps for the acorn) Oh! I see what you had in mind. Well played, sir. (Norm winds down and falls down to the ground) Thanks for the game of Catch. (Norm appears to explode before even hitting the ground)

(Scene shifts to Doofenshmirtz and Diminutive in prison)
(Dr. Diminutive plays harmonica)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, any second now something will explode on me and then we can go home. Yep, any second now.
(Dr. Diminutive continues playing harmonica)
Doofenshmirtz: Aaannny second.
(Dr. Diminutive continues playing harmonica)
Doofenshmirtz: Would you quit with the harmonica!?

Doofelations Season 3:168 | Where's Perry?

Linda: Mom, don't forget to water the plants. We'll be back before you know it.
Betty Jo: It's so exciting! I remember our trip to Africa.
Grandpa Clyde: That was Arkansas.
Betty Jo: Oh, that's right, but you have fun in Africa.
Lawrence: Ah, my university chummy has been trying to get us to visit his animal research station for years now.
Phineas: I bet Perry's looking forward to meeting all the wild animals.
(Perry's wrist communicator beeps)
Major Monogram: Oh, there you are, Agent P. We've intercepted a text from Doofenshmirtz and we need you. I'm sorry, Agent P. You know we wouldn't do this if it weren't an emergency. I'm afraid you're going to have to miss your family vacation. Use Host Escape Diversion Technique B-17.
(Perry pretends that he is sick)
Phineas: Hey! You okay, boy? Oh, no, I think he's sick.
Linda: Oh, he doesn't sound well enough to travel, hon. Maybe we should leave him at home.
Man: Sorry, kids, your Mom's right. The airline forbids transport of animals who are ill.
Phineas: Are you a pilot?
Man: (sarcastically) No, I'm a dentist. I just like wearing these hats.
Lawrence: The dentist is right, boys. Your mother is right.
Phineas: You know, if Perry can't go, then Ferb and I will stay home with him.
Betty Jo: Don't be silly, sweetie. You enjoy your trip. Grandpa and I will take good care of him.
Airline Announcer: Flight 4311 now boarding.
Phineas: ...Well, okay. We're sure going to miss you, little fella. Feel better soon. Eat all your food and get plenty of rest. We'll see you in no time.
(Candace's cellphone rings)
Candace: Hey.
Stacy: Hey, world traveler! Ready to go?
Candace: No. Jeremy said he would see me off, but he's not here yet.
Stacy: Oh, I'm sure he's got a perfectly good reason.
Candace: But he said he had something to tell me...
Airline Announcer: (In the background) Final call for Flight 4311!
Candace:...something important.
Airline Announcer: Final call for Flight 4311!
Candace: (Talking to an airline personnel, with a bull horn announcing the final call) I heard ya'.
Airline Personnel: Well!

Major Monogram: Ah, Agent P. It turns out the text we intercepted from Doofenshmirtz didn't actually warrant you missing your family vacation. My bad. But in my defense, his text was written in all caps, but upon farther investigation, it looks as though he just hit the caps lock by mistake. Anyway, he's up to something. Go check it out.

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated (sped up) ♪
Doofenshmirtz: (Speaking rapidly) Ah, Perry the Platypus! Come in, get trapped,... (A pair of mechanical arms grabs hold of Perry) ...listen to my back-story. When I was a child, I grew flabby, which made me want to make the Fitness-Equipment-Lock-inator. Bum bum bum. I just run on this treadmill, and out comes a sonic beam that locks every other piece of fitness equipment in the Tri-State Area. Blah, blah, blah. Everyone's fat and tired. I sprint into city hall and take over. (Perry easily pulls off the cuffs that were restraining him.) No! Perry the Platypus, don't do it. Don't push this self-destruct button. This one right here... (Doofenshmirtz presses the button, and the -inator blows up) Oopsie daisies! Pushed it myself. Grr. Boo. Hiss. That's right, I'm a loser. Alright, go on now, you won fair and square. (Perry leaves) Curse you, Perry the... and he's gone. Haha, I can't believe he fell for that decoy -inator. Norm?
Norm: Always a pleasure to see your sooty face, sir.
Doofenshmirtz: Ha-ah-ha! Perry the Platypus is out of the picture. I'm Perry-free for the rest of the day. I'm sans-Perry. I am platypus-less. And now, because I still need to get it out of my system, behold! The Ultimate-Evil-inator! Isn't it ugly? You see Norm, it occurred to me that fighting underlings like Perry the Platypus is a waste of time. Why not go straight to the top? Why not take out the big boss?
Norm: Major Monogram?
Doofenshmirtz: Why not choke off the wellspring from which all OWCA goodness-
Norm: Major Monogram?
Doofenshmirtz: Let me just say it, will you? Ugh, you know, Perry the Platypus never interrupts me like this. Just saying. -From which all OWCA goodness flows, Major Monogram. There, see? See? You ruined it. You ruin everything. Just like I always say. Anyway, with this I'll blast Major Monogram, turning him evil! And then he'll, you know, join me as my sidekick. And give me access to the OWCA's vast computer network. Thus assuring my Tri-State Area domination. Every afternoon at this time, Major Monogram goes up to the OWCA's roof to sunbathe. (Doofenshmirtz fires the -inator, bouncing it off a satellite on a direct course for the OWCA headquarters.)

Doofenshmirtz: (Laughing evilly) My neighbor's cat is totally shredding her drapes again. Too bad I can't see the OWCA from here. But it should be over by now. Pack up the -inators, Norm. Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated has a new headquarters!
Norm: Packing, sir.
Doofenshmirtz: Remember, lift with your legs.

(Scene shifts to the OWCA headquarters)
Major Monogram: Doofenshmirtz? What are you doing here? Did you finally come here to surrender?
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, right, Francis. Wanna give me a hand with these boxes?
Major Monogram: I! I will do no such thing.
Doofenshmirtz: Feels good doesn't it? Being evil, huh?
Major Monogram: What are you talking about? I'm good.
Doofenshmirtz: Good and evil, wink wink.
Major Monogram: Why are you winking? And you know you don't have to say "wink" when you wink.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, come on, Francis, you've been zapped by my Ultimate-Evil-inator. I mean, if it didn't hit you, then who did it hit?
(A large kibble comes down and traps them)
Carl: (He comes walking in stroking a skull in his hand) Looks like I got two for one. I'm going to take over the Tri-State Area, and with my administrators access to OWCA's supercomputer, and intimate knowledge of proper photocopying techniques, I'm just the unpaid stooge to do it.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, you know what? I think maybe it hit him.
Major Monogram: Ya' think?
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, but whose skull is he caressing?

(At the OWCA headquarters, Doofenshmirtz and Monogram are now locked in prison cells.)
Doofenshmirtz: But my intelligence specifically said that you would be sunbathing, it never mentioned an intern.
Major Monogram: That's because he's not officially an employee, he's unpaid.
Doofenshmirtz: You don't pay him?
Major Monogram: He gets college credit.
Doofenshmirtz: Are you sure you're not evil?
Major Monogram: Carl! You can't keep us cooped up in here. Though the self-serve smoothie machine is a welcome diversion.
Carl: I'm evil, not uncivilized. Did you try the Madagascar chocolate?
Doofenshmirtz: Mmm, you can really taste the Madagascar.
Major Monogram: Carl, you're a solid B+ student with a promising future. What could you possibly have to gain from all this?
Carl: What could I have to gain? Let me tell you, old man.

(Song: "Evil for Extra Credit")
Carl: ♪ I used to put up with too much aggravation ♪
♪ But take a look at me now, ♪
♪ I got a new vocation, ♪
♪ You heard it here first ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm the one who said it, ♪
♪ Yeah, I'm evil... ♪
Doofenshmirtz: He's evil!
Carl: ♪ I'm evil for extra credit! ♪

♪ If you're looking for trouble ♪
♪ Well, I think you've found it. ♪
♪ I park wherever I want ♪
♪ I dare you to impound it. ♪
♪ If I'm losing a video game ♪
♪ I just reset it ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm evil... ♪
Doofenshmirtz: He's evil!

Backup Female Singers: ♪ He'll do anything for good grades. ♪
Carl: You know I will!
Backup Female Singers: ♪ He's an evil jack of all trades. ♪
Carl: I do it all!
Backup Female Singers: ♪ You want badness? Then he's got it in spades. ♪
Carl: I got a full deck ladies.
Backup Female Singers: ♪ Looks so good in leather and shades. ♪
Carl: ♪ You heard it here first, 'cause I'm the one who said it ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm evil. ♪
Doofenshmirtz: He's evil!
Carl: ♪ I'm evil for extra credit. ♪
♪ I'm evil for extra credit! ♪

Major Monogram: (scoffs) You may have some cleverly concealed singing chops, but to me, you'll always be an unpaid intern.
Carl: Drink your smoothie, mustache man. (At Doofenshmirtz) And you, go unload my -inators.
Doofenshmirtz: Actually, I uh, think those -inators kinda belong to—
Carl: Quiet, intern!
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, paid intern.
Carl: No, that's not how we do things around here.
Major Monogram: (After spotting a large box of straws) Hmm, that gives me an idea. And this time, a good idea. Not like the one I had about the—

(Doofenshmirtz wheels in an -inator)
Doofenshmirtz: Aw, man; you know, I made a Move-A-Bunch-Of-Inators-inator at one point. This would have been really good time to use it. I don't know how that slipped my min-
Carl: Enough of you mindless prattle, minion! Show me my -inators!
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, okay, sheesh! Testy. First up is the Disintegrator-inator...
Carl: Weak.
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, uh, then we also have the Galaxy-inator, which...
Carl: Weak.
Doofenshmirtz: The Derezz-inator?
Carl: Weak.
Doofenshmirtz: The Overhang-inat...
Carl: Weak.
Doofenshmirtz: The Upper-decker...
Carl: Weak.
Doofenshmirtz: The Pickle-Slicer...
Carl: Weak.
Doofenshmirtz: The Stand-And...
Carl: Weak.
Doofenshmirtz: The Boar...
Carl: Weak.
Doofenshmirtz: The...
Carl: Weak.
Doofenshmirtz: The...
Carl: Weak.
Doofenshmirtz: (Inhales)
Carl: Weak.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, come on! I was just inhaling.

(At the OWCA headquarters, Perry climbs through the vents to the paw print scanner.)
Computer Voice: Biometric scan accepted, security system disabled.
Major Monogram: Agent P! Over here! Oh, good; you got my message. There's no time to lose we have to...
(A container falls from above trapping Perry)
Carl: Very nice, verrrrry nice.
Major Monogram: Carl, you slow clapping fiend!
Carl: I needed Agent P out of the way, so I left you those drinking straws.
Major Monogram: You realize you could have just called him yourself, you do work here.
Carl: I'm over my minutes. But, now, with the boundless power of the mighty OWCA computer, I will bring the Tri-State Area to its knees! I will stop the power stations, de-synchronize all the traffic lights, and yeah! I'll have a vast army of interns do my bidding, each one of them paid!
Major Monogram: You're mad!
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, cool it, man. I think I'm getting a raise. Ooh, ooh, you should give the operation a name, like "Operation: Shared Evil".
Carl: Out!
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, fine. Hm, how 'bout "Operation: Big Old Grouch"?
Carl: I heard that!
Doofenshmirtz: I hope so, because I said it.
(Doofenshmirtz leans against the wall, hitting the release button on Perry's trap)
Carl: You fool, what have you done? (at Perry) You may have escaped, but you're no match for my evil Flynn-Fletcher robots!
Doofenshmirtz: This is really weird. I, I think I may have gone on a date with that one. I had no idea she was a robot at the time.

(Scene shifts to the OWCA headquarters.)
Carl: Get that monotreme!
(The robots attempt to capture Perry, but he evades them.)
Computer voice: Paw print identified. Password accepted. Computer locked.
Carl: No! He's locked me out of the mainframe! If he gets away, I'll never be able to take over.
Doofenshmirtz: Wow, this is really exciting!
Carl: Don't just stand around, you fool, get him!
Doofenshmirtz: The -inators!
(Doofenshmirtz begins activating the -inators)

Carl: Wait, wait. No, not all the -inators at once.
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, what did you say?
(All the -inators fire at once at Perry, leaving only a smoking spot behind)
Carl: You fool! What did you do?
Monogram: Agent P!

(Song: "Evil for Extra Credit")
Carl: ♪ I used to put up with too much aggravation ♪
♪ But take a look at me now, ♪
♪ I got a new vocation, ♪
♪ You heard it here first ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm the one who said it, ♪
♪ Yeah, I'm evil... ♪
Doofenshmirtz: He's evil!
Carl: ♪ I'm evil for extra credit! ♪

Doofelations Season 3:169 | Where's Perry? (Part Two)

(Scene shifts to the OWCA Headquarters)
Carl: You fool! Without Agent P's paw print, I can't unlock the computer. And without the computer, I can't take over the Tri-State Area.
Major Monogram: Nice recap.
Carl: Quiet back there! (at Doofenshmirtz) You! Which -inator zapped him?
Doofenshmirtz: You know, ah... I really am clueless.
Carl: About the -inator or just in general?
Doofenshmirtz: I'm not sure I understand the question.
Carl: Bah! I'll have to untangle this mess myself. The heat signature is wrong on the Disintegrat-inator. The angle is too obtuse for the Derezz-inator. The Julienn-inator isn't plugged in. And the Overhang-inator is just plain dumb.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, sure, until you wanna hang under something. Then what are you going to do, smart guy?
Carl: Continuing, the Smells-Like-Hay-inator, no. The Universe-inator just hit this trash can. Nothing left but this smudge. (sniffs) That means it can only be...
Doofenshmirtz: The Smudge-inator!
Carl: Did you make a Smudge-inator?
Doofenshmirtz: ...Ehhh... Continuing. (Carl grabs his nose)
Carl: The only -inator we haven't ruled out, that we actually have, is the Go-Home-inator. Meaning Perry the Platypus is home!
(Carl releases Doofenshimrtz's nose, then Doofenshmirtz falls backwards into a storage closet.)
Carl: Evil Flynn-Fletcher robots, let's drop by the Flynn-Fletcher house.
(Carl presses a button on his wristwatch communicator, revealing a state of the art aircraft. He then passes over the Flynn-Fletcher robots with a hand held metal detector, all of the beeping until Lawrence, who's holding a pineapple, sadly gives it to Carl.)
Major Monogram: You can't do this, Carl! You work for the OWCA!
Carl: Not anymore, Mono-grampa.
(The plane leaves)
Doofenshmirtz: Mono-grampa. I, I... That's good. Why didn't I think of that?
Major Monogram: You really think you'll be part of all this? He's playing you like a penny whistle in a really bad jazz band.
Doofenshmirtz: No. No. I'm part of the team! I am!
Major Monogram: Well, then why did he leave you behind?

(Scene shifts to the OWCA headquarters)
Doofenshmirtz: I don't know how I didn't see it before. He was... he was using me!
Major Monogram: Doctor Doofenshmirtz...
Doofenshmirtz: I trusted him and he just cast me aside, like a, like, like an old newspaper. He didn't even wrap fish in me!
Major Monogram: Oh, for Pete's sake, Heinz! Evil Carl must be stopped. We have to work together.
Doofenshmirtz: Not that being tied around a fish is what I imagined for my...-- Wait, what'd you mean "we?"
Major Monogram: We have to work together to save Agent P.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, no way, José! With Perry the Platypus out of the way, I can finally take over the Tri-State Area!
Major Monogram: Not if Carl takes it over first.
(Doofenshmirtz pauses)
Major Monogram: Let it sink in. ...Two...Three...
(Heinz screams like a little girl)
Major Monogram: Atta boy, now come on over here and let me out. We have to follow him.
Doofenshmirtz: But how? He took your jet!
Major Monogram: Oh, did he?

(Another jet comes from below)
Major Monogram: Carl always changes my radio station when we fly together, so I had this jet build just for me. That's, uh, partly why are budget is so tight now. We can track through the on board G.P.S. Now, come on, let's go. We've got a world to save. (He puts on a pair of sunglasses)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait a minute, wait a minute. How did you get the sunglasses to go on one side of your face? Who made these, M.C. Escher?
Major Monogram: He was a family friend. Now get on the plane, we've got a Tri-State Area to save.

Major Monogram: (in his plane) We should be in Africa soon.
Doofenshmirtz: But I'm running way low on materials. I'm going to have to get a bit creative.
Major Monogram: Aren't we going to need that?
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, nah.
(The engine can be heard, rumbling)
Doofenshmirtz: Just out of curiosity, does this thing have a lifeboat?
Major Monogram: Uh, we're in a plane.
Doofenshmirtz: I knew that.

Major Monogram: That thing's not going to do us any good, if we don't survive the flight.
Doofenshmirtz: I'm building a Re-Good-inator, solely from parts from this plane. Do you know how many evil scientists could actually accomplish this?
Major Monogram: I'll be impressed when we don't plummet to Earth on fire.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, stop panicking, Francis. I haven't even touched the main stabilizers, you know... yet.

(A horn playing "La Cucaracha" sounds from Monogram and Doofenshmirtz's plane.)
Major Monogram: You modified the horn?
Doofenshmirtz: That's what I needed the stabilizer for.
(The plane crashes through two rocks, tearing off the wings, and crashing the jet.)
Doofenshmirtz: We live! See? See, one day you're gonna look back on this and laugh.
Major Monogram: I assure you, for the rest of my life, every time I look back on this I will personally drive over to your house and smack you.
(Meanwhile, Candace swings down and saves a lemur agent from an impending robot.)
Major Monogram: Is that thing ready?
Doofenshmirtz: I, I still need a few parts.
Major Monogram: No problem. (He jumps off the plane, tears off his clothes revealing a leotard) We're surrounded by parts.
Doofenshmirtz: If you can manage it, I need a ball-joint compressor.
(Monogram begins fighting robots)
Major Monogram: Catch.
Doofenshmirtz: Thanks
Monogram Robot: Put 'em up, handsome.
(Candace takes out the Isabella robot, but soon gets cornered by the Phineas one.)
Phineas Robot: I know what I am going to destroy today.
(The Candace robot flings herself in front of Candace, taking the laser hit for her, then shoots her own laser at the Phineas robot.)
Candace Robot: You're busted.
Candace: Ooh-ooh! You saved me. Why did you sacrifice yourself?
Candace Robot: No Jeremy robot for me.
Candace: Jeremy?
Candace Robot: Jeremy.
Jeremy: (His earlier voice mail) Hey, it's me. So I was trying to tell you before, but we kept breaking up. Sorry, I missed you at the airport. I got caught up with my band, but I can't wait for you to hear the song we recorded. I wrote it just for you. Call me when you can. I miss you.
Candace: Wait, Jeremy didn't break up with me?
Candace Robot: Call him.
(Two doors open up, with a cellphone behind them.)
Candace: Jeremy? (at the robot) Thank you. (at Jeremy) Jeremy! Oh, it's so good to talk to you. No, I'm so sorry about that. I was just on the top of a tree, and I didn't have any service. And then I...

Major Monogram: Hurry up, Heinz.
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, I-I just need one more thing. A small piece of tape.
Major Monogram: Tape?
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, you know, any, any kind of adhesive, anything. A sticker, adhesive bandage, uh... (He pulls the mustache off the Monogram Robot) Oh. This'll do. That's it, the Re-Good-inator, it's finished. Wait, wait hold on. Behold the Re-Good-in...
Major Monogram: Heinz, just shoot Carl with it!
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, see, that's the problem. It's mounted to the deck, and I can't swivel it. Bit of an oversight, I guess.
Major Monogram: (Still fighting with the robot) What? Where's it pointed?
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, right at that X-shaped rock. Wow, how serendipitous.
Monogram: Great googly-moogly! Heinz, hold down the fort.
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, we have a fort? What am I doing out here?
Monogram: Agent P, I need you to get evil Carl in front of that "X". And yes, I wear a leotard under my Nehru jacket. Quickly, we'll only get one shot.
Carl: Finish them. Finish them!
(Perry lands in front of Carl, taunting him with his hand.)
Carl: I will have that paw print! Those digits are mine! You're running out of room, Agent P. (Perry and Carl reach the X-shaped rock) Now, let's get this over with.
(He opens his shirt revealing a tablet waiting for Perry's paw print.)
Computer: Awaiting paw print. (Perry uses his tail to pull himself away from Carl)
Carl:Your prehensile tail won't save you now.
Doofenshmirtz: He's coming into range.
Major Monogram: Pull, Agent P. Pull!
(Carl notices the -inator pointed at him, and backs out of range.)
Carl: Oops.
Doofenshmirtz: He backed out of range!
Major Monogram: All is lost.
(Perry chatters)
Doofenshmirtz: He wants me to take the shot.
Major Monogram: What's the point? He's out of range.
Doofenshmirtz: I'm going to take it.
Major Monogram: Game over, man!
(The -inator begins powering up, and Perry takes out a picture of Phineas and Ferb.)
Carl: What?
(The -inator fires, bounces off the picture, and hits Carl.)
Major Monogram: Boo-yah!
Doofenshmirtz: What a marksman!
Major Monogram: Well, it only points at one place.
Doofenshmirtz: You can't give me anything, can you?
Carl: ...What happened?
Major Monogram: Carl! How are you feeling, kid?
Carl: I feel... good!
Monogram: Oh, I'm glad. Now, clean up this mess you've made.
Carl: Yes, sir.
Major Monogram: Oh, and Carl?
Carl: Yes, Major?
Major Monogram: Uh, recent events have brought it to my attention that you're a great help to me. And, uh, not quite sure what I'd do without you, in fact.
Carl: Really?
Major Monogram: Yes, and... and as of this moment, I am officially promoting you to the title of "Paid Intern."
Carl: Th-Th-Thank you, sir.
Major Monogram: You understand we won't actually be paying you. It's just a title.
Carl: Of course, sir. (Joyfully) Whoo-hoo!
Major Monogram: Good work, Agent P. You'll come back on the jet with us. Obviously, we can't have you...
Phineas: (In the distance) Perry! Perry!
(Perry looks at Monogram pleadingly.)
Major Monogram: Go on, you've earned it.
(Perry runs to go find Phineas and Ferb.)
Major Monogram: Come on, we've got to get out of here. We'll just use the jet's big magnet to pick up all this stuff.
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, wait; you guys are going to give me a ride back, aren't you?
Major Monogram: Sure, Heinz; after all, home is where the prisons are.
Doofenshmirtz: You're kidding, right?
Major Monogram: Do you want a ride or not?
Doofenshmirtz: Not if you're not kidding.
(The plane takes off, picking up all the robots as well as the highly unconventional vehicle.)

Carl: Sir, there's something I still don't get. I'm absolutely positive Agent P got hit with the Go Home-inator. So why did he end up in Africa of all places?
Major Monogram: His family.
Carl: Sir?
Major Monogram: Well, they're here in Africa. Home is where the heart is, Carl.
Carl: True, sir.
(A loud crash is heard)
Major Monogram: Don't touch anything!
Doofenshmirtz: I didn't!

Doofelations Season 3:170 | Ferb TV

(Switches to Channel 6)
Narrator: Coming your way this fall, Katt Karr. The inexplicable story of a man whose car, for some reason looks a lot like a cat. Roger Doofenshmirtz, a politician of above-average attractiveness. On a never-ending crusade against the sinister, evil, cheesy smelling, and for some reason, dressed like a mouse, Professor Nibbles. Katt Karr, it's driving away from us.

(Ferb turns the TV off)
Phineas: So! What do you think of Ferb TV?
Candace: (pause, stands up) I'm telling Mom. (She leaves to do so)
Phineas: I think she liked it.
(a ray, possibly from Doofenshmirtz, hits the cable box, causing it to disappear)
Candace: (Enters with Linda) Right here Mom, right on top of our -- (There's nothing there) taaaaa...
Linda: Again, what am I looking at?
(Candace facepalms)
Phineas: Oh, there you are, Perry! Holy guacamole! You sure are a handful!
(Theme to "That's The Norm" plays and an audience cheers)

Advertiser: Meap Carbonated Goulash pieces are closer than they appear. Meap Carbonated Goulash may be subject to license title tax, and destination charges. Please wash hands thoroughly after contact with Meap Carbonated Goulash, if hunger persists after contact with Meap Carbonated Goulash, consult your--
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, I'm sorry, is this Studio A?
Advertiser: No, this is Studio—Hey, wait a second. You just wanted to get into this episode, didn't you?
Doofenshmirtz: What?! No...! No!
Advertiser: Yes, you did!
Doofenshmirtz: Yes, I did.
Advertiser: Get out!
Doofenshmirtz: Alright. But I can totally read that faster than you.
Advertiser: Out!
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, okay, grumpy.
Advertiser: Batteries not included.
Doofenshmirtz: Batteries not included!
Advertiser: OUT!

Doofelations Season 3:171 | When Worlds Collide

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated a large beam of green light is fired from the roof)
Doofenshmirtz: Oopsy-daisy. Heh heh.

(Perry arrives at Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc., and begins to look around. However, he sets off an alarm.)

Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? How did you get stuck in my double Dutch machine? That's not even a trap. Anyway what are you doing here? (Perry nods to the hole in Doofenshmirtz's ceiling) Oh, that. The beam that I shot through my roof? Well that was just an accidental misfire from my Sphere-attract-inator. Luckily it was pointed up, so it didn't hit anything. Anyway, I started thinking, and realized the true measure of a man is having a world-famous roadside attraction. But which one to choose? Which one would be the most spectacular? Then it hit me, nothing brings them in like a big ball of twine. So that's why I built the Sphere-Attract-inator. To steal the world's largest ball of twine! Then all I need is some sort of road to put it beside. Right?

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, Perry the Platypus, what do you say we open the up the roof and activate the Sphere-Attract-inator? Then I can get a good nights rest before all the crowds arrive to see the world's biggest ball of--
(Perry launches himself at Doofenshmirtz, pushing them backwards, eventually setting off the Double Dutch Machine)
Double Dutch Machine: ♪ Nu! ♪
♪ One Dutch, two Dutch ♪
♪ Queens of the double Dutch ♪
♪ We skip better than you by that much ♪
♪ Watch our feet, our moves are sweet ♪
♪ Our double dutchin' won't be beat ♪
♪ Touwtje springen, fast feud.♪
♪ Touwtje springen- ♪

♪ One Dutch, two Dutch ♪
♪ Queens of the double Dutch ♪
♪ We ski-- ♪
(Doofenshmirtz turns off the double dutch machine)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, sassy.
(Perry throws himself at Doofenshmirtz, who crashes into his board, breaking it, and causing the -inator to fire, hitting the world's largest ball of twine, drawing close)

Doofenshmirtz: The world's largest ball of twine is on its way! You'd better stand back, it's supposed to be huge! (The ball of twine now much smaller arrives) What? That's it?

Doofenshmirtz: I got a twine ball bigger than this in my junk drawer.
(The -inator, being pulled by the twine attached to the whalemingo planet pushes Doofenshmirtz off the edge of the building, and wraps around itself the giant spring)
Doofenshmirtz: Help me Perry the Platypus! I'm slipping! (Perry grabs a double dutch machine, and catches Doofenshmirtz by the ankle with the jump rope) Oh thank you Perry the-- (Perry activates the machine, repeatedly slamming Doofenshmirtz against the building)
Double Dutch Machine: ♪ Nu! ♪
♪ One Dutch, two Dutch ♪
♪ Queens of the double Dutch ♪
♪ We skip better than you by... ♪
Doofenshmirtz: I mean curse you Perry the Platypus!!

Doofelations Season 3:172 | What'd I Miss?

(Perry enters into his lair, and Major Monogram sends him a message)
Major Monogram: Welcome back, Agent P. We hope you had a pleasant day off. Anyways, there's a crisis brewing in Danville, (camera pans to Perry, who grips his seat, then switches back to Major Monogram) and it could destroy the very fabric of our existence. There's never been a greater threat. Peaches! (Perry is shown with a confused look on his face, Major Monogram continues) Oh, you probably want me to explain the... (Major Monogram chuckles to himself) There's been a shortage of peaches in Danville lately, and we've traced it to Doofenshmirtz. Go find out what he's up to, and good... (Perry leaves) luck. Wow, guess he's in a hurry.

(Perry lands at a beach, and is captured by Doofenshmirtz in a pile of sand)
Doofenshmirtz: Hello, Perry the Platypus! I take it for granted sometimes what a professional you are, especially after dealing with that guy they sent instead of you yesterday. So how was debate camp?

Doofenshmirtz: You know, if you were flashing back just now, I couldn't see it. I'll bet you're wondering what I'm doing here at the beach... At the clam bake. With an oven. And normally, I'd be all about telling you, and it's a really cool plan, too! It involves my latest invention, the Peach Cobbler-inator.
(Vanessa walks up with the Peach Gobbler-inator on a tray. Doofenshmirtz takes it, and she walks away)
Doofenshmirtz: But I'm getting way ahead of myself. I have to tell you about yesterday for any of this to make any sense! It all started with an establishing shot at my building.

(Flashback to yesterday, starts at Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.! Yesterday. ♪

Doofenshmirtz: (while cleaning an -inator) Huh. Perry the Platypus should be arriving right about... Now!
(The rhino agent crashes through the door)
Doofenshmirtz: How completely unexpected! (climbs down the ladder) And by that I mean, it really was actually enexpected. (walks towards Agent R) Well, you have a hat, so you must be an agent. I guess that means Perry the Platypus is not coming, so... (takes a controller from his lab coat) A-ha!
(Doofenshmitz pushes the button and a tiny trap captures the rhino agent)
Doofenshmirtz: Consider yourself trapped. Allow me to explain my diabolical plan. You see, my brother, Roger, the mayor, is hosting a beauty contest that will...
(Agent R cuts him off)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey! (sighs) For Pete's sake, I'm pontificating here! Sheesh! Okay, okay. Long evil plan short, I wanted to ruin Roger's day. You see, he's officiating at an "Everyone's A Winner" beauty pageant. (scoffs) That's so him. Uh, my scheme involved domesticated squirrels, paper doilies, and those containers that pantyhose used to come in. You know, about this big? (Agent R glares) But, uh, I couldn't figure out a way to make them all work together...
(Camera pans back to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: ...because I was distracted by a leaky faucet in the kitchen! Turns out that was actually the perfect idea. So I ditched the squirrels... You know, this isn't really making my evil plan short like I promised. Sorry. Anyway, behold! The A-Leaky-Faucet-inator. I will disgrace and humiliate Roger by dropping one big drop of water and...
(Crashing)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, where'd you go? (Camera pans to Agent R, who's eating from the trash) Oh, no! You're getting coffee grounds everywhere! This is so much smoother with Perry the Platypus. I'm just saying.

(Scene shifts to the beach)
Doofenshmirtz: Anyway, after I cleaned up the coffee grounds, I loaded the A-Leaky-Faucet-inator and Agent R, I guess,...

(Flashback to yesterday; Doofenshmirtz, on his rocket skiff, arrives at City Hall)
Doofenshmirtz: (narrating) ...onto my rocket skiff and headed off to Roger's beauty contest. We arrived just in time for the swimsuit competition.
Roger: Oh, very nice. Twelve meters. We have a new record.
Doofenshmirtz: There he is, the big show-off. With his big smile (leans against Agent R) and his keys in his pocket and his lumberjack-like...
(bird squawking)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey! Hey, no. Shoo! Shoo! Get out of here. Go find another symbiotic relationship! Anyway, now that we've... Hey, hey! What do you... This actually feels great. Oh, I see why you like it. Anyway, and I'm going to power up the inator now. (pushes a button on the inator) Here we go. Powering up.
(A large drop of water starts to come of the A-Leaky-Faucet-inator. Camera pans down to Roger then back to Doofenshmirtz.)
Doofenshmirtz: Yup. You know, uh, this is the time where you escape and try to destroy my inator. Oh, for Pete's sake, I... (releases Agent R) There! Now, attack! Start thwarting! (Agent R walks away) No... No, no, no, no, don't just walk awa... (sighs) I miss Perry the Platypus.
(Agent R accidentally "punches" a hole through the rocket skiff)
Doofenshmirtz: Whoa! Wait, wait, wait. Watch out there.
(The rocket skiff spins out of control)
Doofenshmirtz: Why isn't the water coming off? It's beautiful.
(The drop of water leaves the A-Leaky-Faucet-inator)

(Scene shifts to Doofenshmirtz, whose rocket skiff is still spinning out of control)
Doofenshmirtz: (screaming)
Roger: Thank you, Katie Bogosian, for the whistling belly button performance. You probably should see a doctor. But that concludes our talent competition, unless there are any last-minute drop-ins?
(Agent R, with Doofenshmirtz holding onto him, lands on the platform. Doofenshmirtz then screams while the rhino agent tries to buck him off.)
Judge 1: It's so beautiful.
Judge 2: That pharmacist is in it to win it, dawg! (Cameras pans left to reveal a dog) See, I'm actually talking to a dog. That's right. Talkin' to a dawg.
(End flashback)

Doofenshmirtz: (now wearing a pink sash with the words "KING PRETTY PRETTY PRINCESS" in red lettering) And I was crowned (places a crown on his head) King Pretty Pretty Princess. Which, now that I think of it, is a contradiction in terms, but it was the first time I ever won anything. So it's gotten me all obsessed about entering contests. But the only thing I'm good at is baking peach cobbler, so I, I invented... Oh, yeah. I told you, "Behold the Peach-Cobbler-inator." What it does is it makes everyone want peach cobbler more than anything else in the world. So whether it's a chili cook-off or a dancing competition or a quiliting bee, or whatever, the, the judges will be compelled to choose peach cobbler as the winner every time.
(Camera pans to a glaring Perry)
Doofenshmirtz: Plus, it's waterproof, it's shockproof, (Camera pans back to him) it's windproof, it's...
(sizzles)
Doofenshmirtz: Huh. But it isn't sandproof. Fancy that. I suppose, since I planned to take it to the beach, maybe I should have considered...
(Doofenshmirtz tosses the Peach-Cobbler-inator over his shoulder, which fires a green ray. Camera pans to DEI, where the ray bounces off it, then back to the beach where Perry leaves on his jetpack.)
Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, Perry the Platypus... and my own poor planning skills! (notices smoke coming from an oven) Oh, no! My cobbler! Oh! How can this day get any worse?
(The rocket skiff falls on Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Ow! Does that mean this thing's been flying around since yesterday?
(An incoming wave washes Doofenshmirtz and the broken rocket skiff into the water)

Doofelations Season 3:173 | Road to Danville

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated ♪

(Perry jumps behind Doofenshmirtz, whom is currently working on his -inator)
Doofenshmirtz: (turns around) Oh, it's you.
(Perry looks around, taps on the floor for traps, then chatters)
Doofenshimirtz: Yeah, so no time for traps. It's nothing personal, you see today is the annual L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N. Summer Stock Festival and I got the title role, so I have to take over the Tri-State Area by 3:30 if I wanna make the curtain! Uh, that doesn't leave me much time for, you know, the trapping and the fighting. So instead I built this! The Trip-To-The-Desert-inator! It's going to send you to the desert, and I can get on with my day. (Activates the -inator, Perry starts to run away) Don't bother running, because I installed a Perry-Track-inator. It's going to follow you no matter where you-
(Perry leaps onto Doofenshmirtz, the -inator hits both Perry and Doofenshmirtz, sending them to the desert)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, great! Now I'm in the middle of nowhere! Now I'll never be able to take over the Tri-State Area before.... the play. (Perry starts to leave via his jetpack) Wait, wait, d-don't leave me here! Uh, Perry the Platypus, please! It's important to me! And if this works out, I might give up evil for acting! Won't you give me that chance, to succeed at something that might very well turn my life away from the evil path? Do it for the kids. Do it for the orphans.... that I might perform in front of someday if I ever do a show in an orphanage.

(He is seen riding on Perry's jetpack as they're flying through the air)
Doofenshmirtz: I don't want to be ungrateful or anything, but is there any way to speed this up? I gotta be in the make-up chair at 4 o'clock. Hey, what about this turbo switch? That oughta shave off some time, hey, right, yeah? (Flips the switch which causes the jetpack to sped off into the distance as him and Perry fall and land on the ground) Some pilot you are. (Glares back at Perry, who then points accusingly at him) Oh sure, blame the victim. Like you didn't know about my switch-flipping compulsion. (Perry starts to run away angrily) Oh, now you're mad, sure, I don't know why I tried to be nice, I should have just trapped you, I could have been out of the hospital and on my way to the theater by now. (Starts to walk towards Perry) Instead they'll end up using my understudy. Ughh, I hate that guy!

(Meanwhile, at the Utopia Theater)
Rodney: So, if Doofenshmirtz is late, I get to go on?
Man #1: If he's not back in time for this entrance, you can have the part.
(Rodney squeals in delight)

(Back in the desert)
Doofenshmirtz: I guess it is summer and we're in the desert, but I I feel like it's unseasonably warm out here. I feel warm. Do you feel warm? Why do we always see cow skulls in the desert? And why do you only see the skull? Did the body die somewhere else? It makes no sense. (Perry walk away) Oh, I'm sorry, am I talking too much for you? Fine. I'll be quiet. I can shut up. I don't have to talk all the time. It's not like I have to fill the space.... If you want silence, I'll give you silence! You watch!... And it's gonna be deafening! Mark my words!

(Later, he is seen walking alongside Perry)
Doofenshmirtz: Why do they say "Mark my words?" I mean, they just mean listen to my words, why don't they just say "Listen to my words"?

Doofenshmirtz: Hey, look how big the sun is through this magnifying glass. (Gets harmed off-screen) Ow! Ow! Oh!...No really, it's huge, you should see it.

Doofenshmirtz: I mean, he drives a taxi, for heavens' sake, he can work anywhere. He expects her to just pack up and move to Vegas. Seriously.

Doofenshmirtz: I was sure my arm would grow back, but it never did. (taps his left arm which makes a metallic sound) See? Pure titanium. It's a fact.

Doofenshmirtz:  You don't communicate, you know that? You don't share. I know nothing about your private life. Perry closed off...... Closed, that's you.

Doofenshmirtz: So I never touched an iguana again. Actually, that's not entirely true. There was one time, back in a—oh! Ooh ooh ooh! Look, Perry the Platypus, look! Two tires and an axle! Ahh, pretty soon we'll be rolling out of here! We're just gotta, gotta hop this fence. (Perry waves a finger back and forth) What do you mean no?! (Perry points to a "No Trespassing" sign on the gate) No trespassing! Oh oh you gotta be kidding me! You know what Perry the Platypus? I just have my third realization of the day, I have two earlier but I didn't share them with you. I've realized that the thing that's kept me from succeeding all this years isn't my parents not showing up after my birth, it isn't my eight month sting as organ griven monkey, it isn't the time that my arm got stuck under that boulder, also titanium see? (taps his right arm which also makes a metallic sound), it isn't any of those things. You know what it is? It's you! (points to Perry, who then crosses him arms) You are who's been holding my back all these years.
(Perry turns Doofenshmirtz's pointing finger around to point it to Doofenshmirtz instead to Perry's)
Doofenshmirtz: (sarcastically) Oh, very clever, that my accusing finger and pointing it back at me. (Normal) So so you think I'm responsible for my failures? (Perry nods) You're wrong! I can prove it. If you just let me try my junkyard scheme without interfering, it will prove to you that you are the source of all my failures! 
(Perry lets Doofenshmirtz go on with his scheme)

(Doofenshmirtz is next seen trying to go over the gate)
Doofenshmirtz: A little loose here, Perry the Platypus. (Perry crosses his arms) No, no, you're right, by myself. Okay all I have to do is- (gets zapped, dogs are heard and chase after Doofenshmirtz off-screen)

(Doofenshmirtz and Perry are seen walking alongside each other in the desert)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, okay, okay, just this once I failed and you have nothing to do with it, but did you have to let me trip all three bear traps? Like c'mon! Why not here in the hot sun working on ways to get us back to Danville (They both stop walking and look at each other) and you never offered me so much as a glass of water or a teatanus shot! I'm going it alone. As a matter of fact, I'm sick of you and your smug face! I don't wanna see it any more. I'm going to close my eyes and count to 3, (covers eyes) and when I'm done, you better be gone. (Perry already disappears) And it'll be just like when you're here except that YOU (Points to where Perry is last seen) won't be here! (Counts) 1...2...3! (Open his eyes) Hey! He really.... FINE THEN! I can find the bus station on my own.
(He walks away, a tumbleweed rolls by and Perry comes back with a glass of water in hand, he looks around to find Doofenshmirtz already gone)

Doofenshmirtz: (crawling; pants) I said I wanted a sea otter for Christmas, they said I have to pick my present from the bottom shelf of the kitchen cosmics aisle at the supermarket so I bought an oven cleaner. I love that oven cleaner. OVEN CLEANER!! (notices a bus station) Hey, a bus station!

Bus Driver: Danville's at point's east! (Doofenshmirtz stands up) Tickets please!
Doofenshmirtz: (pants) I don't have a ticket for the... I've got to get to Danville to be in a play and I just gotta, I don't have any money, I'm tired and dirty and it's all my fault, I've.. It's always been my fault! I'm a failure, I'm a failure! (begins to cry off-screen) (while crying off-screen) I'm a failure.
Bus Driver: So... no ticket?
Doofenshmirtz: (while crying) I'm a failure. (Perry shows up with two tickets in hand, he stops crying) Two bus tickets? (Grabs the tickets) Oh Perry the Platypus, you're mench. I know I can be testy and unpleasant, I know I tend to ramble on and on, to be fair, the burden of conversation is kinda all on me in our relationship. And I know that I haven't always given you the respect you deserve, anyway, I want you to know that you are appreciated Perry the Platypus. You. Are. Appreciated. Oh, hey now, check it out. Look, see? A tear. The universal secretion for sincerity. (Doofenshmirtz catches his tear in a phial) I'll just save that for next time. Come on. You can have a window seat.
(Doofenshmirtz boards the bus, but Perry is stopped by the driver.)
Driver: Hold it! No animals allowed!
Doofenshmirtz: Tough break. Thanks for the ticket though.
(The bus drives off)
Doofenshmirtz: Sweet! It's air conditioned in here!

(On the bus)
Doofenshmirtz: (To nobody in particular) It's not like I wanted to go to the desert. He just jet-packed into me and dragged me along. No animals on the bus, it's no my rule. It's company policy. It's not my fault.
Passenger: Are you talking to me?
Doofenshmirtz: And what does he expect, he my nemesis. I'm a stone-cold villain. I'm ruthless. I have no "ruthes". ... Still he looked so sad and pathetic when the bus pulled away, and—AH, I should think of something else. Kreplach! Kreplach! Eastern European comfort food. You like kreplach?
Passenger: As a matter of fact I do. When I was a little girl, my grandmother and I would make kreplach. First we would roll out th--
Doofenshmirtz: Enough of your blabbering on and on! My little nemesis is out there all alone. I can't believe it! Stop the bus! Stop the Bus! Stop-
Passenger 2: What's going on?
Passenger 3: Hey what gives?
Doofenshmirtz: I can't believe it.

(Perry continues walking down the road in the hot sun, but is shaded by Doofenshmirtz flying on Perry's jetpack)
Doofenshmirtz: Enjoying the shade Perry the Platypus? It's your jetpack! I found it stuck in the mouth of a fiberglass dinosaur I mean how often does that happen when you really need it? Climb aboard. Come on! Come on! Hahaha.
Doofenshmirtz: (to the tune of "Perry the Platypus")'[' ♪ Doofy doofy doofy doofy doofy doofy Doofenshmirtz! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, we're running out of time! We're not gong to make it!
'(Perry straps Doofenshmirtz tightly into the jetpack)
Doofenshmirtz: Are you trapping me? But we were getting along so- (Perry motions towards the turbo switch) The turbo switch!? Are you kidding? I can't control this thing at that speed. O-Okay Perry the Platypus, if you think so... (Perry throws the switch)

Rodney: Oh well Doofenshmirtz, the show must go on, without you. ...And there's my cue.
Actress: ...I shall never go hungry again.
(Doofenshmirtz falls in from the ceiling)
Doofenshmirtz: Pizza delivery!
(The curtains close and everybody cheers)
L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N. Member: What an entrance!
Doofenshmirtz: (To Perry) Haha! We got him good! And I couldn't have done it without you. (Perry turns Doofenshmirtz's finger towards himself) Oh, why Perry the Platypus... (Doofenshmirtz put the tear he collected earlier back into his eye) See I knew I'd need it later.

Doofenshmirtz: I mean, he drives a taxi, for heavens' sake, he can work anywhere. He expects her to just pack up and move to Vegas. Seriously.

Doofelations Season 3:174 | This Is Your Backstory

(Scene shifts to D.E.I.)
Major Monogram: (Through Perry's wristwatch communicator) Monogram to Agent P. Already airborne, I see. I like that! Doofenshmirtz has recently purchased an inordinate number of chairs. Hundreds of them! Far more than necessary for a person with no friends, and only one tushee. Well actually I'm, I'm just sort of assuming about the tushee. But I'm pretty confident in the no friends thing. You think it'd be the other way around, but the way he's always playing with forbidden science, you can never really be... This is coming out kinda weird, huh. Look, you're going over their anyway, just, just take a look, okay? Monogram out.
(Perry lands on Doofenshmirtz's roof, which closes over his head)
Doofenshmirtz: Psst! Perry the Platypus, over here. Hurry, hurry, it's- the show's about to start!
(Perry goes and sits next to Doofenshmirtz in one of the chairs)
Norm: Ladies and gentlemen!
(Song: Evil Tonight (instrumental))
Norm: Someone in our studio audience has a date with history! So come on up, because this is your backstory, Heinz Doofenshmirtz!
Doofenshmirtz: Me? Hahahahaha! It's me, Perry the Platypus!
Norm: Let's give him a big round of applause!
(Norm throws a lever, starting a clapping track, and forcing Perry to clap, via two mechanical arms)
Norm: Tonight we explore the life of a true evil genius. And find out just what makes him tick.
Doofenshmirtz: But how?
Norm: I'm glad you asked! With the help of our exciting but potentially lethal memory extraction technology, all of your most deeply suppressed memories will appear right on this screen! It's like a TV clip show fueled by your own brain. Now let's start our trip down memory strasse on the day of your birth, in beautiful Gimmelshtump, Drusselstein!
Doofenshmirtz: I don't really remember much about it, I was pretty young at the time, but- ooh! Ooh-Ooh! (The tube connected to the helmet Doofenshmirtz is wearing begins to bubble) I can feel it tingling; something's coming out!
Norm: (Norm shows a clip from when Doofenshmirtz was born) Aww, how cute! But where's Mom?
Doofenshmirtz: She didn't, uh- show up for the birth.
Norm: Remember this voice?
Doctor: When they are born, we slap their bottoms to start them breathing.
Norm: Here he is, all the way from Gimmelshtump Memorial Hospital, Dr. Mortimer Shlussel.
Doofenshmirtz: Dr. Shlussel, so good to—Hey!
(Dr. Shluelsle grabs Heinz, and slaps him on the rear-end)
Dr. Shluelsle: He is breathing.
Norm: And I'm sure you can guess who this next voice belongs to...
Mrs. Doofenshmirtz: Heinz, my little hobbengusher.
Doofenshmirtz: Aw, when she says "hobbengusher" like that, it's easy to forget that it means--
Norm: It's your mother!
Doofenshmirtz: Mama!
Mrs. Doofenshmirtz: Hobbengusher. (She whacks him on the bottom as well)
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, that's the way you normally say it.
(His mother whacks him a few more times)
Doofenshmirtz: AH! Ow! Why!? Ow! Why!? Why!?
Norm: Yes, your relationship with your mother left something to be desired. But, what about Dad?
Doofenshmirtz: Well, yeah, you know, tho- those were hard times.

(Narrating with the clip) The stress of running a family weighed heavily on him. We were so poor that one day our beloved lawn gnome was repossessed. Who would protect our zatzenfruit garden from those witches' spells and wood trolls? From a tender age, my father decided that it would be me...
Mr. Doofenshmirtz: Bewegen Sie nicht! (Don't Move!)
Doofenshmirtz: While the other children played Kick-the-Schtumpel and eat Doonkelberries, I would stand for hours.
Mr. Doofenshmirtz: Bewegen Sie nicht!
Doofenshmirtz: All through the cold night as the Spitzenhound howled.... My only companion was the moon. And my neighbor Kenny.
Mr. Doofenshmirtz: Bewegen Sie nicht!

Norm: What a fascinating life. We'll keep track of the level of emotional pain each backstory causes, on this colorful Gnome-o-Meter! As shown by Vanna, our gnome-o-meter spokesmodel. Looks like our gnome has begun his climb! (The gnome begins to travel up the Gnome-o-Meter) Scale those heights, you bearded, Scandinavian cutie! Perform a segue back to rights of passage!
Doofenshmirtz: Smooth, Norm.
Norm: Thank you, don't break the rhythm, sir.
Doofenshmirtz: And let me tell you, transitioning to adulthood was painful, but, actually, I guess a good indicator of things to come. (in a flashback on screen) In Gimmelshtump, jumping from the high dive was an important rite of passage.
Mr. Doofenshmirtz: Are you a man or a schnitzel?!
Young Heinz: I'm a man, I'm a man.
(Young Heinz climbs up the ladder, lays on the top and looks down in fear)
Queuing man: Das kind ist ein schnitzel! (That kid is a schnitzel!)
(He and other men laugh)
Doofenshmirtz: After that, my father and I became increasingly distant.
Mr. Doofenshmirtz: Zu nah! (Too close!)
Doofenshmirtz: (flashback ends) Whatever, I'm so over it. (his father walks up to him)
Mr. Doofenshmirtz: Bewegen Sie nicht!
(Doofenshmirtz stands bolt upright; his father walks away)

Norm: And there's another voice you might recognize...
Roger: What exactly am I here for again?
Doofenshmirtz: (With distain) Roger.
Norm: It's you brother, Roger Doofenshmirtz, beloved mayor of Danville. Everybody loves him.
Doofenshmirtz: Alright, alright, enough with the cheering; this is my show, not his!
Roger: Can I help it if Mommy liked me best?
Norm: Look at all those burbling memory bubbles. Tell us all about it, Dr. D!
Doofenshmirtz: (narrating over the clip) For a time, I was happy. It was a short time, it was... right... there. It was like five seconds when I was pushing the thing back and forth on the rug. And soon I learned my parents were expecting a brand new baby girl. My mother spent months knitting pretty dresses. Unfortunately, the baby turned out to be a boy, and because we were out of material, I was forced to wear those same dresses for an entire year! Drawing mockery and scorn from all of my manly classmates.
(clip changes) I wanted to gain my mother's affection somehow, so I went to the claw machine district in hopes of winning her a gift. Fortunately, I had with me my allowance, which I'd been saving for a whole year: one three-cent coin. I dropped it into a slot, then carefully maneuvered the claw toward the beckoning fuzzy grail! Odds were against me, but then it happened! The miracle! The claw grabbed the stuffed animal; it was mine! Then, like a knight of yore, I gallantly gave the prize to my beloved mother... who immediately turned around and gave it to my brother, Roger. I was crushed as I watched Roger produce a big red marker and write his name on the toy. And then afterwards proceed to do the same to my mother, claiming both as his own, effectively shutting me out of the family dynamic.
Roger: You know, Heinz, there's more than one way to a mother's heart.
Doofenshmirtz: Kickball. My mother's love was always inexplicably linked to kick... well, I'll just let the song tell you.

(Song: "Couldn't Kick My Way Into Her Heart")
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ My mother's love was always inexplicably linked to kickball, ♪
♪ And my brother was an expert from the start ♪
♪ But I lacked finesse, so when put to the test, ♪
♪ I couldn't kick my way right into her heart... ♪

(flashback ends)
Roger: Wait a second, you had Love Händel play your flashback?
Doofenshmirtz: I know people.
Roger: Really.
Doofenshmirtz: ...No, not really; I told them it was for you.
Roger: Mmhmm. Well, I've got a city to govern.
Doofenshmirtz: Don't let your ego hit you on the way out!

Norm: Although your family life was tough, your social life was. how should we say, a soul-shattering void.
Doofenshmirtz: (narrating over clip) A painful, but accurate choice of words, Norm. At the age of five, I was forced to throw my own surprise party.
Gunther Goat Cheese's goat: (within the flashback, enters with a cake) Hello, boys and- oh. Mmm... awkward. (puts the cake down and leaves)
Doofenshmirtz: (narrating) Ten seconds later, they confiscated the cake; apparently there's a two-person minimum.

Norm: Ooh! That stings! Do you recall a young lad named Boris?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, sure. Big Black Boots Boris the Bully. (clip starts) He was always kicking sand in my face. When I was in the sandbox: sand. My first date: sand! Balancing my checkbook: sand! The beach-- Oddly enough nothing. But I couldn't relax, because I kept waiting for it.
Norm: Well, Boris owns a car dealership now, and declined to appear on this show. But he did send some sand! (a giant pile of sand drops on Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: (muffled) Well, at least he cared enough to do that.

Norm: You did have one friend...
Doofenshmirtz: Balloony!! (clip starts) When I was a boy, the smell of pork emanating from me was so bad because of, well, the reason's unimportant, it was part of a different emotionally-scarring backstory; I'm not getting into... regardless, the smell of pork was so bad that no one would come near me. So one day the carnival came to town and I needed money because of, well another back story that... basically, my parents disowned me, I was being raised by ocelots. The point is, I had to get a job at the carnival, but the only work was at the dunking booth, and not as the guy who got dunked though, I was what they threw to dunk him, which is again a whole other backstory. Okay, look- long backstory short, I got a balloon at the carnival, I drew a face on him, I sprayed him with special "Lifelong-Lasting" spray I created, and I named him "Balloony." He became my best friend in the whole world, yadda yadda yadda. Then one tragic day, when I was protecting our garden as a lawn gnome, Balloony started floating away. (clip ends) And then I didn't see him for a long time; it wasn't 'til... well, there was this whole thing with an alien ship, it was really improbable.
Norm: Well, here he is! (Balloony is seen in front of a backdrop)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, Balloony, I-I've missed you so mu- (Balloony pops; Doofenshmirtz gasps) Baaaallllooooonnnyyyy!!
Norm: Ha-ha-ha! We're just having fun with you! That wasn't the real Balloony!
Doofenshmirtz: It wasn't?
Norm: No, of course not! The real Balloony popped three weeks ago! (holds up the popped Balloony)
Doofenshmirtz: (bawling) BAAAALLLLLOOOOONNNNNNYYYYYYYYYY!!!!! (continues bawling over Norm's line)

Doofenshmirtz Why do you gottago?! Why?! Why?!Norm you monster!Can't you seeI'm in pain?!

Norm: In another misguided attempt to engage in life, you entered one of your inventions in a science fair!
Doofenshmirtz: (clip starts) That's right. It- it was my very first -inator! Just as I was about to demonstrate my invention to the judges, a kid with a baking soda volcano stole the show! The next year, I tried again with my even bigger -inator. And again, my thunder was stolen by a baking soda volcano! I'd had enough of science. I decided to devote my life to poetry instead.
Young Adult Doofenshmirtz: The movies are gray, the TV is black, the horses are running, please bring me some food.
Doofenshmirtz: (narrating) Yet, curiously, I still lost to a baking soda volcano! (clip ends) And what's worse, his poetry lacked subtext entirely. Hey, where's Perry?

(Perry's seat is seen empty with the mechanical arms tied up)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, what are you do- (Perry looks behind a curtain) Okay, playtime's over! Norm? (Norm flips a lever, lifting the curtain to reveal a glass dome with a bubbling liquid inside and electrodes on top; a metal claw comes down and lifts Perry off the ground) Behold, the Backstory-inator! You see, evil is born from pain and loss, but reliving one story at a time was not getting me anywhere! Now with this, I can collect the liquid essence of all my pain and suffering! And when it's all full, I can re-inject it into myself, making me the most powerfully evil person that has ever lived. Then nothing can stop me from taking over the entire Tri-State Are-aaugh!! (screams as an ocelot attacks him)
Norm: Oh, there's Mama Ocelot.
Doofenshmirtz: Ironically, she's still more nurturing than my own mother! Ow, off, quit it!

(Back at D. E. I.)
Doofenshmirtz: And so, Perry the Platypus, to recap what I said mere moments ago before I was so rudely and painfully interrupted, once I have charged my Backstory-inator, the tragedy of it all will be re-injected back into me, and I will be transformed into the ultimate creature of evil! And look, we're almost there! (the gnome is shown teetering at the summit of the Gnome-o-Meter) One more backstory should do it! Let's see... remember the time...
Vanessa: (entering) Hey Dad, can I have the keys to the car?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, sure, Vanessa! Oh no, no, good memories flowing! Aaahhh! Can't stop... pleasant reminiscences! (flashback montage starts) Aaaaahhhhhhhh!!

Biker: Hey, sweetheart. How'd you like to take a ride on a real bike?
Doofenshmirtz: She's sixteen!

Vanessa: It only matters that I think he's cool.
Doofenshmirtz: She thinks I'm cool!

(montage ends; gnome drops from the summit (about 30,000) drastically)
Vanessa: Okay Dad, if you want to hold your head and quiver some more, that's totally okay with me, but can I have the keys?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, yeah, right. Here you go.
Vanessa: Have fun with your little toys. (leaves)

Doofenshmirtz: Aw, look at the Gnome-o-meter! (gnome settles at 5,000) We're practically starting over.
Norm: That's okay, sir. You have lots of painful history to explore. Tell us, how did you come to America?
Doofenshmirtz: Well, it was when I was sixteen, or thereabouts; I had stopped celebrating birthdays at that point for... you know, obvious reasons. (clip begins) And then one day, my parents sent me out to the Schtor to get some doozenbratt. (in the clip, the "Schtor" is revealed to be a painting of the front of a Schtor hiding the entrance to a ship; the ship takes off and Heinz's parents celebrate and hug) You know, I've always had trouble between a Schtor and a- a painting of a Schtor, but- but it started me off on the greatest adventure of my life! I decided to seize the day with both hands! (Heinz is shown swabbing the poop deck) Aaand a mop. I was heading to a golden land of opportunity; a land with a pioneering spirit which welcomed misfits like me! But I ended up in America instead. (Heinz is literally kicked off the ship) I just knew that I was home! (a large crate lands on Heinz; flashback ends) In the sense that it was... familiar. (gnome rises to 20,000)

Norm: Once in America, you began the human rite of passage known as... high school! Leading to one of the most embarrassing viral videos of all time! ("I am a Superstar" appears on screen)
Doofenshmirtz: Ugh, I thought I deleted that from everyone's memory.
Teenage Heinz: I am a superstar!
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, yeah, we- we've all seen this, Norm. That's enough.
Teenage Heinz: (falls into toilet) It won't- (video stops)
Norm: But you haven't seen the digital remix! (plays digital remix)
Teenage Heinz: ♪ I am a superstar! It won't stop flushing! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, this is really surreal. Eugh.
Teenage Heinz: ♪ I am a superstar! Wo-, wo-, it won't stop flushing! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Creeping me out a little, I'll be honest.
Teenage Heinz: ♪ Wo-, wo-, it won't stop flushing! ♪
♪ Wo-, wo-, it won't stop flushing! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Seriously, Norm, that's enough.
Teenage Heinz: ♪ Wo-, wo-, it won't stop flushing! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Enough now. (remix stops)
Norm: It's got ten billion hits! And there's only seven billion people on the planet!
Doofenshmirtz: I'm never going to live that down.

Norm: And yet, despite a serious lack of coolness, you still managed to date a future pop star!
Doofenshmirtz: What? Lindana is here?
Norm: Actually, she didn't remember you!
Doofenshmirtz: Well, that figures. We only had the one date, but it was eventful. (clip begins) It was at the Danville Drive-In.
80's Heinz: Okay, the coast is clear! You can come out now! (Linda emerges from the trunk)
80's Linda: Eww. It's grody back here!
80's Heinz: Well, on the bright side, you got in for free, so... we'll just split the cost of my ticket, right? Right?
80's Linda: You know, I could've gotten in the trunk, like, a block away instead of when you first picked me up at my house.
80's Heinz: Wow, you just love to live in the past, huh? Is that like a thing with you?
80's Linda: (sighs) Whatever. Let's just try to enjoy the rest of the evening.
80's Heinz: (does a robot dance) I am a happy robot, likey what I hear. I'm just kidding; that's a thing I do. C'mon, hop in! (Heinz and Linda get in his car)
Radio Announcer: You were listening to "That's Wings, You Turkey" by King of Loud. And here's a new one from Zanzibar, "What Do It Do?"
80's Linda: Oh, turn it up! I love this song!
80's Heinz: It's okay, I'd say it's in my top seven, eight favorite songs about reverse engineering.
80's Linda: Makes me want to be a pop star!
80's Heinz: Ha! Yeah right, and I'm going to rule the world!
80's Linda: Well, why not?
80's Heinz: Yeah, like I could do that.
80's Linda: Maybe instead of, you know, the whole world, uh, start... small, with the Tri-State Area. (dramatic chord plays) Hey, the movie's starting!

Norm: It was at that point that you realized the only business for you was... I'm waiting for you to finish my sentence for me, sir...
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, of course. Bratwurst!
Norm: Actually, I was going to say "evil," sir.
Doofenshmirtz: Yes, but before I was evil, I was a bratwurst street vendor. (clip starts)
♪ Doofenshmirtz quality bratwurst! ♪
Kid 1: How do you know when you're really lame?
Kid 2: When you sell bratwurst! (kids laugh)

(the gnome moves up an inch)
Doofenshmirtz: Wow, that seemed more painful at the time. Oh man, it's gonna take forever to get the gnome back up to the top at this rate.
Norm: Hold your horses, sir. We're just getting to... your love life!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, boy.

(Song: "Happy Evil Love Song" (instrumental))
Doofenshmirtz's date: (to Perry) You are the cutest thing I've ever seen. Yes, you are. Yes, you are.
Doofenshmirtz: You know, some people say we look alike.
Doofenshmirtz's date: Uh, I don't think so. Not at all. No, not at all.

Doofenshmirtz: But when I turned the Translator-inator on...
(whales squealing)
Whale: (via the Translator-inator) ..What a loser that guy up there is! She should dump that pink chimp and go out with a real mammal like me!
Doofenshmirtz: She left me for that trash-talking 35-ton pile of blubber.

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Evil love... ♪
Doofenshmirtz: I have never been so happy in my entire life!
Doofenshmirtz's ex-girlfriend: Oh, Heinz- (De-Love-inator fires) I feel nothing.
Doofenshmirtz: But- But- But-
Doofenshmirtz's unnamed ex-girlfriend: Nothing!

Norm: And do you recall this voice?
Charlene: Hello, Heinz. I have your alimony check.
Doofenshmirtz: Heh-heh... Charlene!
Norm: That's right. It's your former wife, Charlene Doofenshmirtz.
Charlene: Delivered in person, like you asked. Ah, what is this, a game show set? Is this what you spend the money on?
Doofenshmirtz: Well, you know, also groceries.
Charlene: Well, at least it's not in my garage. Nice tux, Norm.
Norm: She's fantastic!

Doofenshmirtz: Norm, let's bring out the big guns: Failed -inators! (montage set to 1812 Overture begins)

(the Age Accelerator-inator blasts randomly)
(the Mountain-out-of-a-Molehill-inator electrocutes Doofenshmirtz)
(the water fortress explodes)
(Candace's rocket crashes into Doofenshmirtz's space station)
(the giant baking soda volcano blows up)
(the Dynamic-inator explodes)
(the Monster Truck Away-inator disappears)
(the Invisinator-turned-Disintegrator zaps its own control panel)
(the Look Away-inator fries)
(the Deface-inator goes boom)
(the Turn Everything Evil-inator explodes)
(Phineas and Ferb's giant bowling ball smashes into the Giant Robotic Penguin Icy Freeze Your Socks Off Breath-Inator Thingy)
(the Dance-inator fires one last ray and explodes)
(the overheated Steak Containment Unit blasts steaks across the Tri-State Area)
(the Bum-Bum-inator rockets into the sky)
(the Juice-inator liquefies D. E. I. and the amusement park track)
(the De-Handsome-inator launches into the air, fires a ray, and explodes)
(the supercomputer explodes on the D. E. I. balcony)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, at least I found the key to the- (his roof explodes) Nice. Curse you, Perry the- (the roof crashes down again) Oh... Why does everything explode so easily? (the entire top of his building explodes)

Doofenshmirtz: You know what I'm noticing a lot of? I blow up more than the average guy. (Perry notices a ceiling fan near his trap while Vanna is on the phone and starts swinging toward it) Do they have blowing-up insurance? I should get some of that. And if they don't have it, I think they should make it, 'cause I would buy some. Oh, baby, what an emotional workout!
Norm: And one more good trauma should send Arthur over the top! (the gnome is shown teetering at the edge of the summit)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha-ha, yeah! Hit me with your best shot!
Norm: That's just it, sir! The rest are more comical than tragic.
Doofenshmirtz: What? How are we supposed to go over the- OOF! (Perry kicks Doofenshmirtz off his chair) Aw, curse you, Perry the Platypus- and by "curse you," I mean "thank you!" By humiliating me, you have inadvertently provided me the last tragic backstory I need to put this baby over the top! Remember two seconds ago when you foiled my latest plan? I do!
(the screen flashes back to Perry kicking Doofenshmirtz out of his chair)
Doofenshmirtz: (in flashback) What? How are we supposed to go over the- OOF! (it repeats as Doofenshmirtz laughs evilly) How are we supposed to go over the- OOF!
(the gnome topples over the summit and embeds itself in Vanna's foot; she screams as Doofenshmirtz pulls a lever)
Doofenshmirtz: And now...! (the Backstory-inator starts to send the memories back to Doofenshmirtz) I can feel myself getting (his skin takes a red tint and his teeth become sharp) more e-e-evil!! (his laugh becomes deeper and he grows massive and muscular) Feel the doom!! Nothing can stop me now! (he picks up Perry with a claw-like hand and continues laughing; Perry pulls out his wallet and reveals pictures of the two of them, causing good memories to flow through the extraction helmet) Huh? Uh? NOOOOOO!!!!

Platypus-Doofenshmirtz: Do you ever get tired of lugging this big tail around? ...Well, back at it, I guess.

Doofenshmirtz: I-I've got an even better best friend! It's clear to me that my best friend is Perry the Plat-OOF!

Doofenshmirtz: Peter the Panda? And Perry the Platypus? You're working together to rescue me?

Doofenshmirtz: Doofy-Doofy-Doofy, Doofy-Doofy-Doofy, Doofenshmirtz!

Doofenshmirtz: I want you to know that... you are appreciated, Perry the Platypus, you are appreciated.

Doofenshmirtz: You think I'm evil, right? (Perry gives him a grin) Thank you, Perry the Platypus. Thank you.

Doofenshmirtz: No! What have you done, Perry the Platypus? I'm getting less evil! (crashes into and smashes the Backstory-inator) Significantly sooooooo!! (returns to normal) Darn it, I really liked that shirt. (Perry hang glides away from the building) Curse you, Perry the Platypus! Okay, so I'll see you tomorrow, right?
Vanna: (leaving with the gnome still in her foot) I'm sending you a bill for the shoes. My boyfriend's a lawyer.
Doofenshmirtz: All right, Norm, let's get this place cleaned up. There's backstory all over the place.

Doofelations Season 3:175 | Blackout!

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated at night)
Doofenshmirtz: (He laughs evilly) I got you now, Perry the Platypus! This is the most sophisticated trap that I have ever invented.(Chamber shows Agent P trapped) In fact, it's so escape-proof that- that I couldn't get that guy out.
(Chamber shows a skeleton in it)
Doofenshmirtz: So, I had to build a whole new trap to catch you. And of course, I had to buy a new plastic skeleton for Halloween. It's a pitiful existence I lead, Perry the Platypus. Do- Do you pity me? You should because I am pitiable. Everyone should pity me. Eh, you don't have to say pity too many times before it stops sounding like a word. Pity. Pity. Pit- See? That is only like two times and it's already just gobbledygook. Gobbledygook, too. I can't- I can't even get through that once. Gobbledy- Now see, I am not even consider the last syllable and it's already... (sighs) Great. Now, I am forgetting what I was talking about... Which is another reason to pity me! YEAH! Back on topic, baby! You see, I- I figured if I get myself big sad eyes, people would pity me and get me whatever I want. And to that end, behold! The Big-Sad-Eye-inator! You like it? It sums up a lot of juice, so I am running at night when the electricity is cheaper.
(Agent P struggles to free from the the trap)
Doofenshmirtz: But the nighttime is the right time for a party. A PITY PARTY! (He laughs) Here we go!
(Doofenshmirtz pulls lever of -inator, it begins to power up)

Doofenshmirtz: It takes a while to get warmed up, but we're almost there.
(The -inator shoots Doofenshmirtz, but draws enough power to plunge Danville into a blackout)
Doofenshmirtz: See I told you it took up a lot of juice.

♪ Doofenshmirtz isn't illuminated! ♪

(Doofenshmirtz's eyes are bigger and have a sad look due to the effects of the Big-Sad-Eye-inator)
Doofenshmirtz: A blackout? Oh, Perry the Platypus isn't this wonderful? Now people can't see anything but my pitiful eyes. Look at them, Perry the Platypus, don't you feel sorry for me? Don't my sad, lugubrious eyes illicit compassion and mercy? (He pauses) Your secret agent training has taught you to squint well my nemesis. But you can't fight the power of these pathetic, pleading eyes. I guess you can, 'cause you're heartless Perry the Platypus. You know that? Where your heart should be, a big empty sack of nothing. But the common man will not be able to. I'm going to go find someone on the street and test these babies out. And you're coming with me. Here come on. It's a good thing I put wheels on this trap. Try to keep up.

Doofenshmirtz: Okay, Perry the Platypus, I see someone. You'll understand the power of my sad eyes when you see them in action. You ready? Watch this. Excuse me?
Man: Oh, you look so sad. I feel, I feel so sorry for you. What can I do? Here take this. There. And as soon as I find my home, I'll come back and give you more free stuff. You poor, poor thing.
Doofenshmirtz: You see? And I don't even know what it is.
Man 2: Sir, your eyes, they compel me to help. Let me contribute. Here.
Doofenshmirtz: Thank you kind sir. Why is it all warm?
Woman: Your eyes bring out my mercy.
Doofenshmirtz: Don't they just?
Man 3: Here, take all I have.
Doofenshmirtz: You gave me a wig?
Man 3: No.
Crowd: Here take this. Ooh take that. Please take this. Here have my wallet. My toaster. My watermelon.
Man 4: Oh let's all go get him some more stuff.
Man 5: Jetpack squad away!
(The squad flies off)
Doofenshmirtz: Wow, if it worked on that jetpack squad, I bet ya it'll work on my brother, Roger! He'll take pity on me, and make me mayor! And that's just a hop, skip and a jump from having people give me the whole Tri-State Area!
Major Monogram: (On Perry's wristwatch communicator) Thank goodness your wrist communicator is still working Agent P. We traced the blackout to the Danville power plant on 5th street. I know you're busy with Doofenshmirtz, and you don't normally handle stuff like this, but I was in the middle of microwaving a burrito, and center is still totally frozen. Just figured you were close, and uh... Hurry Agent P. it's, it's kind of scary in here, and I'm all alone. (There is a crash sound) Carl? C-Carl, is that you?

Doofenshmirtz: You, you know Perry the Platypus, I d- I didn't realize this trap would be so heavy. City Hall is still a few blocks away, you wouldn't mind if I just leave you here, do you? Hello?
(Doofenshmirtz shakes the trap, and Perry's eyes fall off)
Doofenshmirtz: Where's Perry... the Platypus?

(At City Hall)
Roger: So why is it that you think I'm just going to hand over my mayorship to you?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, because I've got these big sad eyes.
(On the end of this, Doofenshmirtz shows Roger his eyes, which are sticking out of his head, and bloodshot)
Roger: Yeah, and they're kind of freaking me out.
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, I guess it probably works better in the dark. Look, it's the jetpack squad.
Man: Here sad eyed man, we brought you this.
(Doofenshmirtz gets crushed by Phineas and Ferb's creation)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, I think I swallowed my mouth guard.

Doofelations Season 4:176 | For Your Ice Only

(Perry enters his lair through an elevator in a shack on a frozen pond)
Major Monogram: Carl, I'm freezing. Did you call that repair guy yet?
Carl: I left him a message, sir. I think he went to Aruba for winter break.
Major Monogram: Lucky dog. It's cold in... Oh! Agent P! Didn't hear you come in. I have no idea what Doofenshmirtz is up to. It seems all of our computers froze. Isn't that right, Carl?
Carl:  (is seen with his hands inside an ice-encased computer) Tech support says everything is fine.
Major Monogram: Well, I'm sure whatever Doof is up to, he's probably much warmer than we are, and that alone should be reason to stop him! Good luck, Agent P! (Perry salutes and exits his lair)

♪ Doofenshmirtz evil igloo on a mountain top, eh? ♪
(Perry parachutes from an airplane down the igloo's chimney)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus! (on an ice chair holding a mug of hot chocolate) Come in! How do you like my evil igloo hideout up in the Danville Mountains? Would you like some hot cocoa? No? Then, how about a marshmallow! (Doofenshmirtz launches a giant marshmallow out of his cocoa mug, trapping Perry) Ha. Ha! Trapped you again! I think I figured out why I haven't been able to take over the Tri-State Area. I've been too much of a nice guy. Nice guys can't take over large metropolitan areas, except for Roger. But, we're not talking about Roger. I've got to get mean. (Doofenshmirtz slides his chair across the igloo's floor; his cocoa mug falls and breaks) I've got to get ugly and possibly hairy. (Doofenshmirtz's chair slides past a picture of the abominable snowman) I've got to learn to be more like the abominable snowman. (chair crashes; a cat screeches) So, I decided to build this! Behold, the Abominable-nat... The, the Abominama... The A-bom-in-a-ble-i-nat-or. See, I can only say it if I speak slowly. The Abominable... Inator. Oh look, if I, if I separate it, it works. The Abominable Inator! It makes whatever it hits bigger and scarier and hairier. Anyhoo, behold. (removes cover from the Abominable-inator, which is covered in a huge scarf and knitted cap; Perry looks unimpressed) Okay, I know what you're thinking: "Why the silly little stocking cap and scarf?" The truth is, I, uh... I had some yarn.

(back at Doofenshmirtz's igloo; the Abominable-inator is loaded onto a sled)
Doofenshmirtz: Behold, Perry the Platypus, as I make myself abominable. (Doof presses the button on the -inator's remote. The -inator's beam bounces off the igloo and hits the marshmallow trapping Perry, causing it to burst and splatter all over Doofenshmirtz.) Ooh, it's all marshmallow-y and hairy. Not completely unlike summer camp. Apparently, you gotta aim this thing a little better... (the -inator shoots a beam directly at Doof's rear end) Whoa! Owww! Hmmm, something's not right in the hinterland. (his bottom suddenly becomes large and hairy, causing him to fall on the front of the sled) Yikes! Oof! (the igloo slides off the mountain top and hits a rock, causing it to break; Perry flies into the air and grabs the scarf trailing from the -inator)

(back on the mountain with the sliding Abominable-inator)
Doofenshmirtz: (as the sled goes off a ramp) Aaaaugh!! (Perry climbs up the scarf and lands on the front of the sled as Doof's feet grow big and hairy, causing his shoes to fly off) Oh, my feet! Now it's working. (several more pops are heard as Doof becomes completely abominable) Hey, not bad. A little hairy, but not bad. Now, to deal with you! (Doof grabs for Perry, who darts under his legs) Gotcha! Hey, where'd you go? (Perry tugs on Doof's back hair) Oh, there you are. (Perry beckons Doof to come closer) Yes? (Perry punches Doof, whose head causes the Abominable-inator to point upwards) Ow! Ow, Oh, stupid thing! (Doof attempts to adjust the -inator, but it hits him in the head again) Ow! (the -inator fires)

(back on Doofenshmirtz's sled)
Doofenshmirtz: Where the heck... hey, how'd you get over there? Don't do that! (Perry pries a board off the sled) Oh man! (Perry jumps off the sled and uses the board as a snowboard, grinding a rail while traveling down the mountain) Okay, now you're just showing off! (Perry spots trees ahead and snowboards off to the right) What? Is there something I should... AAAHHHH!! (Doof crashes into the top of a tree, bending it down) I fail to see how this could get any worse. (Doof's head turns back to normal) Oof! (the rest of Doof's body turns back to normal; now lighter, the tree catapults Doof into the distance) Curse you, Perry the Platypus! (trails off)

Doofelations Season 4:177 | Happy New Year!

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
Norm: Happy New Year!
Doofenshmirtz: Norm, I told you: You don't celebrate 'til midnight, not all day. What if midnight never comes? Then you've squandered a whole day celebrating. Think of that, tough guy? (crashing sound is heard) Perry the Platypus? (the floor opens up below Perry, trapping him in the top of a bottle) Ha-ha! It's a bottle of sparkling cider trap, and you're the cork! Which makes you Perry the Cork-apus! Ha-ha, you got a funny name. Anyway, it's New Year's-themed!
Norm: Happy New Year!
Doofenshmirtz: Not yet, Norm. And on to my plan: I recently learned that in most of the world, there's a tradition where people decide to change something about their lives in the coming year, and they call it "a New Year's resolution." I-I-I had no idea; you see, back in Drusselstein, change was frowned upon. Any change!

(Flashback of young Doofenshmirtz in front of his TV, being closely watched by a guard)
Doofenshmirtz: (voice over) Uh, you couldn't change your channel on your TV,...
(Flashback of young Doofenshmirtz dropping a flower into his pants)
Doofenshmirtz: (voice over) ...you couldn't change your underwear,...
(Flashback of young Doofenshmirtz in jail with two tough-looking criminals)Doofenshmirtz: (voice over)...and forget about changing your hairstyle; you... you'd end up in jail.
(All three people in jail are shown with odd hairstyles; flashbacks end.)

Doofenshmirtz: But here in the new world, we embrace change! (beat) Apparently. And that's why I came up with the Resolution Changer-inator! Cleverly disguised as a bow tie! When I turn it on at the stroke of midnight, it will make everyone change their resolution from whatever it was, like, I don't know, "I-I'm gonna lose weight," or, "gain a limb," or whatever, to, "I'm going to make Heinz Doofenshmirtz my leader and obey his every command." That will be their new resolution. (puts the Resolution Changer-inator on) All right, Norm, how do I look?
Norm: Like a pharmacist in a bow tie!
Doofenshmirtz: Eh, good enough. Time to go. (Norm blows a noisemaker) You're squandering, Norm!

(Scene shifts back to City Hall)
Doofenshmirtz: (entering the party) Hello, Danville! (running up to a man) Hey you there, what's your New Year's resolution?
Mustached man: To update my mustache.
Doofenshmirtz: That's what you think! (walking away) Ha-HA-ha-ha! HA-ha!
Mustached man: I don't know; it seemed achievable.

Doofenshmirtz: (to a woman) That's what you think! Ha-HA-ha-ha-ha! Oh, it never stops being... (gasps as Perry enters)
♪ Perry! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? You can't come in here; this is a black-tie affair. (Perry closes the door, then reenters wearing a half of a tux)
♪ Perry again! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Actually, I guess it doesn't really specify pants anywhere, so I guess you're okay.
Lawrence: (to Linda) Oh, and another little tidbit about the ancient Egyptians (Doofenshmirtz and Perry run past them in the background) is that both men and women wore makeup.
Linda: Just like the '80s.

(Scene shifts back to City Hall)
Doofenshmirtz: (runs through a curtain into a room filled with coats) What is this, the coat room? (Perry launches himself from behind the coats into Doofenshmirtz, who goes flying into a rack of coats; he emerges with a pink hat and coat on) All right, Perry the Platypus, if you really want to fight, here I a... (Perry kicks Doofenshmirtz into another coat rack) Ooh, Cashmere. Nice.

(Back at City Hall...)
Doofenshmirtz: (emerging from the coat room) Ha-HA! You'll never get out of that straitjacket. Why would anyone wear that to a New Year's Eve party? I guess maybe if you were a magician, maybe...
Man and woman: (running out of coat room) Only one minute 'til midnight!
Doofenshmirtz: Time to launch my pla-an! (runs on stage) Hee-hee-hee-hee-hee-hee!
(Perry runs out of coat room, removes the straitjacket, and grabs a chair, charging towards the stage with it; Doofenshmirtz gasps, but Perry merely puts the chair on the stage and sits down. He gestures Doofenshmirtz to continue)
Crowd: 10! 9! 8!
Candace: Mom? Mom?
Crowd: 7! 6! 5!
Sandwich woman: (still eating the sandwich) Almost done!
Crowd: 4!
Candace: (sees Linda and Lawrence about to kiss in the courtyard) Mom! It's New Year's! This is no time for kissing!
Crowd: 3! (Phineas and Ferb's ball lands) 2! 1!
(Doofenshmirtz zaps the crowd with the Resolution Change-inator; the ball now reads "HAPPY NEW YEAR")
Crowd: Happy New Year!! (cheers)
Doofenshmirtz: (to Perry) Now watch this. (to crowd) What is everyone's New Year's resolution?
Crowd: To follow you, Heinz Doofenshmirtz, our new leader!
Doofenshmirtz: Ha-HA-ha-ha-ha! Mmmm, so, how does it feel to be a loser, Perry the Platypus? I mean, that's a rhetorical question. 'Course, if anyone should know how it feels, it should be me, but... (to crowd) All right, everyone! Follow me; we're taking over City Hall! (runs out of room; no one follows him, so he comes back in to find the crowd cheering) Hello? What are you doing? Obey me! Hey, wha-what about your resolution?
Man with party hat: (laughing) Everyone knows that no one ever keeps their New Year's resolution.
Doofenshmirtz: That doesn't even make any sense! Why would you make resolutions if you're not ever gonna fol... (to Perry) Did you know about this? You did! You knew about this and you still punched and kicked and pinched me. (Perry shrugs his shoulders) Ah, I guess you're right. That's... that is what we do. (Perry blows a noisemaker) Aw, thank you, Perry the Platypus. (Doofenshmirtz blows the noisemaker) Happy New Year.

Doofelations Season 4:178 | Fly On the Wall

(Perry goes down the basement staircase, stopping at the landing next to the Panic Room, opens the bottom stair, stops himself halfway down the slide after forgetting his hat, retrieves it from the stairs, and goes back down into his lair.)
Major Monogram: Morning, Agent P, We have a report that Doofenshmirtz is at the Shark. We don't know which Shark, but it sounds bad. Ugh! Gives me the heebie-jeebies just thinking about it...
Carl: Sir, it was a typo, Doof isn't at the Shark, he's at the park.
Major Monogram: Well then, that's a lot lower on my heebie-jeebie scale. So Agent P, uh, change of plan. Head over to the park and stop Doof from doing the doings that Doof does ...do (Clears throat)
(Perry salutes then leaves his lair)
Carl: You have a heebie-jeebie scale, sir?
Major Monogram: Yeah. You're on it.

(Scene shifts to Danville Park. Cut to Doofenshmirtz having a picnic. Agent P approaches him)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus, won't you join me for a picnic? (Perry hesitates but then walks up, but not before sinking into his trap. Doofenshmirtz laughs.) Ah! Ah! Ow, my duodenum. Oh, oh, did you see your face?! You were like, "Ooh, maybe I shouldn't," but you're then, "Well, I am hungry" and then BOOM! down you went! Ha-ha! And are you hungry, Perry the Platypus? (Picks up the picnic basket) Well, too bad, it's not for you. It's for them. (Whip pan to reveal pigeons eating seeds. Cut back to Doofenshmirtz, who retrieves an inator from the basket) Behold! My feed-the-pigeons-inator! (Perry just gives Doofenshmirtz a look) Okay, Snobby the Snobapus, I know it doesn't sound like much, but it is technically evil. I am breaking the law. See? (whip pan to a sign saying, "DO NOT FEED THE PIGEONS!") There? There. "Do not feed the pigeons". And I am going to feed the pigeons, therefore I am breaking the law. "Do not feed the pigeons". It's a-it's a metal sign with......big red letters on it and that makes it.......legally binding. (covers his eyes) Okay, here's the truth: I got evil scientist's block, alright? (sighs) Seriously, I got—I got nothing. I—I was going to make a good-idea-inator, but I thought it would be counterproductive because it already had "good" in the title. So then I invented a bad-idea-inator, which...just...gave me this. And see where that got me. Ah, I'm telling ya, I'm dry, Perry the Platypus. Dry! And the summer just keeps going on and on and it feels like it's been goin' on for, like, four years! I'm asking ya man to monotreme, can you help me? (Perry comes out of his hole and leads Doofenshmirtz) See? Even my trap design has become...lackluster.

(Cut back to Danville Park)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, I think I've gleaned from your expression that you are now going to lead me through a series of bizarre and seemingly unrelated exercises that will help me get my groove back. Does that about sum it up? Good. Let's do this thing!
(Perry and Doofenshmirtz do some aerobic steps. They then do some trust exercises. Doofenshmirtz is then shown painting a picture. He steps aside to reveal the picture is a badly drawn happy face. Perry shakes his head. Perry and Doofenshmirtz do some more aerobic steps. Doofenshmirtz paints again. He steps aside to reveal a painting in the style of René Magritte's The Son of Man painting, only with Perry in place of the man's body with an apple for a face. Perry shakes his head again. Doofenshmirtz puts his head in his hands. Perry offers him a handkerchief. Doofenshmirtz does some pushups while Perry sits on him while eating a sandwich. Doofenshmirtz is seen painting once more. He steps aside revealing a painting of an inator. Perry gives him a thumbs-up. Doofenshmirtz smiles as the camera zooms in on the painting. Fade in on the painting to reveal the inator built. Zoom out to show Doofenshmirtz holding Perry's hand and walking up to the inator.)

(Cut back to Danville Park. Doofenshmirtz and Perry are standing in front of the inator)
Doofenshmirtz: This is great! The best inator I've ever made! And you know what, Perry the Platypus? There's no self-destruct button on this, so there's no way you can stop me from taking over the entire Tri-State— (The giant tire swing lands on his inator before he finishes his statement) Huh. Well, like my Uncle Boris used to say, "When life's goin' well, a giant tire comes along and smashes your inator." We all thought he was crazy at the time, but now it seems rather prophetic.

Doofelations Season 4:179 | Bully Bust

(Cut to Phineas and Ferb's bedroom. Perry is sleeping on Phineas' bed.)
Major Monogram: Calling Agent P. Agent P. Wake-y wake-y Agent P. Over here. No, not on the computer screen. Though that would have made infinitely more sense. To the right. Down a bit. Over a bit more. That's right. (appears on a trading card) Hey-Oh. Carl installed a nano-screen on this trading card a few days ago, disguised as a Flynn-Fletcher family member.
Carl: (Dressed as Candace) Can you guess which one?
Monogram: Take that off already, Carl. You're creeping me out, man.
Carl: Okay...
Monogram: Sorry to wake you up so early Agent P, but evil never rests and by "evil" I mean Doofenshmirtz. It's not even 6 AM yet, and our surveillance cameras have spotted him at the local caffeination station, ordering the largest, most caffeinated beverage they sell. Nothing good can come from this hideous spurt of energy, so get to it Agent-- (Offscreen Phineas is talking to Ferb) Sounds like your boys are on their way back. Get to it Agent P. (puts the real figure on the trading card in)
Phineas: Way to floss, Ferb. Who knew fighting plaque could be so much fun? Come to think of it, (Entering his bedroom along with Ferb) I know what we're going to do today Ferb. Hey where's Perry? That's strange.
Ferb: I know we normally do this later in the day.
Phineas: Yes, yes we do.

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: (Speaking very rapidly) Gotcha. And you don't even know it yet. That's the beauty part. Watch this prolonged series of unnecessary events. (Doofenshmirtz launches a kangaroo, causing a ball to roll down a flight of stairs, through a tube) W-w-w-watch this. (the ball causes a car to drive into a target, launching an anvil into a catcher's mitt, dropping a cage on Perry) Yeah, yeah, yeah... Yes! Ha! I win! I know it's a little over the top, but I was inspired by this board game I love when I was a kid. Well actually, it was Roger's board game. But I would sneak a peek of it, through the keyhole of his door. You know it looked like I would love it. But, I borderline backstory. (He takes a few short breathes) You see, I have so much evil energy from the soy venti latte extra-caf-and-a-half quadruple sugar, blood pressure bomberino. Love it! So I spent the whole morning building this complex, giant version of the game. Really I surprised you didn't see it flying in. Okay, beholding time! Behold my Luff-Flex-Dill-Pickle-inator! What does it do, you ask? (takes out a screen) Well it will launch all of my enemies into orbit, and keep them floating there so far into the atmosphere, that they won't bother me anymore. Cool, huh? Yeah I know the name's a little weird, but hey, I bought it off the internet, and my rights to it expire tomorrow, so I was kinda forced to use it today. I have so much energy from that one cup of coffee, I just keep rambling-- (Perry hops out of a hole in his cage) Ooh. you know that trap was always the lamest part of the game. I always though-- (Perry attacks Doofenshmirtz)

Doofenshmirtz: (Weaving from behind a giant pink kangaroo) Now you see me. Now you don't. Now you see me. Now you don't. Hehe. (Perry punches him, and Doofenshmirtz falls down the stairs, and slides across the ramp of the trap) Hey, where'd ya' go? (Perry bounces up to the catches mitt holding the anvil) I've got you now Perry the Platypus. (Doofenshmirtz bounces up to get him, but smashes into the anvil, which then falls on him.) Ow!

Doofenshmirtz: Hold still so I can hit you fair-and-square. (Perry kicks Doofenshmirtz into his -inator, causing it to fire) Really!?
(The beam hits a lawn chair in Phineas and Ferb's backyard)
Buford: Aw man! Random green rays from the sky! I forgot about random green rays from the sky! Oh, no, not on my watch. (Buford throws assorted objects in the path of a green rays) Oh, man, I've run out of conveniently placed objects. Bingo. (Buford runs, and grabs Irving's helium balloon) Coming through!
Irving: My toothalloons!
Buford: Yeah, they weren't selling anyway. Not on my watch. (Another beam hits the helium tank, and it floats away) Ah! The helium tank! Actually it's kinda ironic when you think about it. (Buford sees another beam heading towards him, and in slow motions blocks the beam with his body) Not on my watch! (He begins floating upward) Yes! The human shield tactic never failed. (He notices his shoe laces are caught on the tooth) man, I knew I should have hung onto that laser.
(Phineas, Ferb, Isabella, and Baljeet all exit the ride)
Isabella: Woo-hoo!
Phineas: Woo-hoo.
Baljeet: Let us go again.
(The Tooth gets lift up)
Baljeet: Maybe not.
Buford: AAAAAH! I guess they ain't called--
(Song: "Tuff Gum" (instrumental))
Advertisement: TUFF SHOO LAYSIZZ!
Buford: ...for nothin'.

Doofenshmirtz: Prepare to be blitzed by my inexplicable, new found martial arts mastery! (Doofenshmirtz shows off his new found talent, but accidentally kicks off his shoe) I hate to ask Perry the Platypus, but have you seen my other-- (Perry is seen rubbing his head, with Doofenshmirtz's shoe lying beside him) Oh, there it is. That's what I was planning to do. Perry the Platypus, looks like this is the end for you. (Doofenshmirtz lines up his -inator to hit Perry. However Perry throws Doofenshmirtz's shoe at him, causing the -inator to fire at Doofenshmirtz's building, and Doofenshmirtz to flip over the edge of the building, having him hang their by only his knees) Just not nice! (The top of Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated lifts into the sky)

Buford: (After untying himself from the giant tooth) Well, I hope that lands in the backyard of a giant who needs a fake tooth.
(Perry smashes the inner workings of the -inator)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, hey did you say, (He mimics a few electrical noises)
Buford: You know I kind of like to sit back and relax after all that manual labour. (The floating effect wears off of him and the other objects hit by the -inator) Uh-oh. (He plunges downward) Ahhhhhh! I've got a song about how Van Stomms fall from the sky too, but, it doesn't end well.
Isabella: That was so much fun.
Phineas: Too bad Buford missed it all. I wonder where he got to.
(Buford's laces catch on the tree, and he hangs in front of the gang)
Buford: Hello.
Phineas: Hey, Buford. Are those--
(Song: "Tuff Gum" (instrumental))
Advertisement: TUFF SHOO LAYSIZZ!
Buford: Yes, yes they are.

(The top of DEI lands in the middle of a desert)
Doofenshmirtz: Just in case anyone's wondering what happened to old Doofenshmirtz, I'm okay. (The giant tooth lands on top of him) Well, obviously not now.

Doofelations Season 4:180 | My Sweet Ride

(Scene shifts to Perry's lair and Perry looks at the monitor.)
Major Monogram: What's shakin', bacon? (camera reveals Major Monogram dressed up '50s-style) Like the threads? Carl and I are going to cruise over to the Doo Wop Hop tonight. We're going incognito. Maybe do a little reconnaissance while I take in the car show.
Carl: And he really just wants to spy on Monty to find out what of kind girl he's dating.
Major Monogram: Wrong! Wrong, Carl! We happen to know that Doofenshmirtz has entered a car in the competition. He must be up to something. And if I should happen to see whom my son is dating, well, where's the harm in that? Hmm? Meanwhile, we need you to find out what the heck Doof is building, validate its evilness, and destroy it. (Agent P salutes) Good luck, Agent P, and see ya later, crocodile!
♪ Doo bee doo bee doo bah dooo... ♪

(Scene shifts to D. E. I.)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪

(Scene shifts to inside Doofenshmirtz's lab. He is clearly working on building something. He laughs evilly.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, sometimes evil just cracks me up! (He hears Vanessa humming) Say where's that humming coming from?
(Cut to reveal Vanessa scatting in front of a makeup mirror also dressed in '50s clothing and putting on lipstick)
Vanessa: ♪ Do-wah, do-wop, de-do-de-do-do ♪
♪ Do-wah... ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Vanessa, is that you? Are you okay?
Vanessa: What do you mean, Dad?
(The song from the start of the episode plays instrumentally)
Doofenshmirtz: Something's not right. The corners of your mouth are pointing up. (feeling her forehead) Maybe you're running a fever.
Vanessa: Relax, will you? I'm just looking forward to the '50s Doo Wop Hop tonight.
Doofenshmirtz: So who are you going with?
Vanessa: Oh, you know, just a friend.
(Music abruptly stops; a screen lowers down with the sign "INTRUDER ALERT" on it. The screen flashes Perry's image on it.)
Vanessa: Speaking of friends, I think you have a little visitor.
Doofenshmirtz: Aw, he can wait. So what friend? Is it that girl with the dark hair who has all those dachshunds?
Vanessa: (approaching the door) No. It's a...different...
Doofenshmirtz: No wait! No no! Don't open the door! You'll let in Perry the Platypus!
Vanessa: You know he'll just blow the door down if you don't open it. (opens door revealing Perry holding a bazooka) Come in, Perry. Toodles! (she leaves)
Doofenshmirtz: I'm worried about her, Perry the Platypus. Hey! You were going to blow down my door! (Perry sets the bazooka down, but accidentally fires it leaving a big hole in a Warholian picture of Doofenshmirtz.) Oh, great! See, this is why I can't have anything nice! Anyway, c'mon, let me show you what I've been workin' on. Y'see, it all started when I was just a small boy back in Gimmelshtump.

(Flashback)
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) Friday was always Cruise Night and everybody would come out and see the hipsters in their cool cars made from cannibalized parts left over from Drusselstein's many foreign occupations. But for me...
Young Doofenshmirtz: Oooooh!
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) ...the coolest car of all was the Boomshlaka 320-I, run by my Uncle Simpkin!
Young Doofenshmirtz: Yeah! You go! You show them how you're more masculine than everyone else!
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover, talking over his younger self) To me, it was the coolest car ever!
Young Doofenshmirtz: Booyah!
Uncle Simpkin: Hey! (taking off his shirt and throwing it into the crowd)
(A female fan catches it and is dogpiled on by other fans)
Female Fan: I saw it first!
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) Unfortunately, the car had one major design flaw: The back part was a surplus dynamite plunger and the gas tank sat directly under the driver's seat.
(A car behind the Boomshlaka bumps into it causing it to explode into pieces sending Uncle Simpkin into orbit.)
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) And I never saw him again.
(End flashback)

Doofenshmirtz: But I have been able to restore his car. (Cut to a dust cover being lifted revealing the car) The 1957 Drusselstein Boomshlaka 320-I! Mmmwah! Ain't she a honey? I'm sure to win first prize with this. And here's the good part! (He pushes a button on a remote, causing jumper cables to come out of the grill trapping Perry. Doofenshmirtz laughs) Trapper cables! I needed to restrain you for this next part because it does get a little bit evil. Just to ensure there's no real competition, I built a little gadget called the Rustinator. At the push of a button, it will reduce every other car into red dust! Or rust. Wait, red dust, rust. I wonder if that's where that word came from. (exits) I'm gonna go look up its entomology. (returns) Yeah, I looked it up. It turns out "entomology" is the study of insects. Go figure. Anyway, uh, in you go! (The cables put Perry inside the vehicle.) I'll just get in the normal way. (Cut to the driver's seat) How's it goin' down there? Cozy in your steel cables? Careful with the Rustinator, Norm! (Cut to reveal Norm buckled up holding the Rustinator) Wouldn't want it to go off inadvertently.
Norm: No problemo!
(The car starts. Cut to a shot of the garage opening. Pan right to a door next to it. The Boomshlaka 320-I bursts from out of that door instead. Doofenshmirtz can be heard laughing.)

(Cut to the road to reveal Lawrence rolling away. The Boomshlaka 320-I, with Doofenshmirtz sticking out of the roof, nearly misses him)
Doofenshmirtz: Outta the way, luge boy!

Ooh, look! The visor's a vanity!
Jeremy: ♪ And the glove box has real hands! ♪
Vivian, Mrs. Tjinder, Mrs. Johnson: ♪ Shoo-bop, shoo-bop ♪
Phineas: ♪ It steers itself, there's a trophy shelf ♪
♪ And it opens up your cans ♪
♪ And if you need a rocket engine, you'll be the envy of the whole gang ♪
Vivian, Mrs. Tjinder, Mrs. Johnson: ♪ Shoo-bop, shoo-bop ♪
Doofenshmirtz: My car has a turret that goes...
Ferb: ♪ Boom ba-ba-boom ba-bang-a-bang-bang ♪
♪ Ba-ba-boom ba-ba-boom ba-bang-a-bang-bang ♪
Linda: Whoo-hoo-hoo!

(Scene shifts to the Doo Wop Hop. The Boomshlaka 320-I rolls in.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha! This is gonna be a piece of cake! (The tank rolls onto the stage.) I rule! (Confetti comes out. Everyone laughs.) I don't get it, what's the joke? Why is everyone laughing?
(Cut to Monogram and Carl. Monogram is looking through binoculars.)
Major Monogram: I can't find Monty. Get up on my shoulders, Carl! See if you can see 'em!
Carl: You're not gonna drop me again, are you?
Major Monogram: Just do it, Carl! And watch the hair. Take these. (Carl gets on Monogram's shoulders and takes the binoculars.) Now what do ya see?
Carl: There he is! (POV shot from the binoculars to show Monty next to Vanessa) And he's with—Oh no! (Monty looks in terror and shushes Carl)
Major Monogram: What-wh-Carl! What do you see?
Carl: Someone who owes me big time!
(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: They dare to laugh at the Drusselstein Boomshlaka 320-I? Well, we'll just see who has the last laugh! Norm, fire up the Rustinator!
Norm: (saluting) Firing away, sir! Now, how do I set the coordinates? Hmmmm... (Perry pushes a button with the Boomshlaka 320-I on it) Thank you, Perry the Platypus! Very sporting of you! (The Rustinator activates rusting up the vehicle)
Doofenshmirtz: Uh-oh! Well, thank goodness for the plastic gas tank. (to Vanessa) Hey, Vanessa?! Is that you?!
(Cut to Vanessa with Monty, who is trying to hide his face)
Vanessa: Hi, Dad!
Doofenshmirtz: Wait a minute! Who's that boy you're with? He looks strikingly familiar. (Perry pushes a button on the gas tank) Say, isn't that— (The tank explodes sending Doofenshmirtz into orbit) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!! (a man passes by him) Uncle Simpkin? He's looking well.

(Song: My Cruisin' Sweet Ride) 
Doofenshmirtz: My car has a turret that goes...
Ferb: ♪ Boom ba-ba-boom ba-bang-a-bang-bang ♪
♪ Ba-ba-boom ba-ba-boom ba-bang-a-bang-bang ♪
Linda: Whoo-hoo-hoo!

Doofelations Season 4:181 | Der Kinderlumper

(Scene opens up at D.E.I with Doofenshmirtz yelling in his dream.)
Doofenshmirtz: No, No, No! I've been good! Don't put me in your gundersack! Not the gundersack! Ahhhhhhhhh! The Kinderlumper!
(Doofenshmirtz sits up in bed, breathing heavily, then gasps.)
Doofenshmirtz: That's it! Der Kinderlumper!
(Doofenshmirtz chuckles evilly as he comes to a evil realization.)

(Cut to Agent P's lair. Monogram is on screen with a Chinchilla racing forum in one and a pen in the other. Perry approaches the screen.)
Major Monogram: Morning, Agent P. I was just doing a little handicapping for this year's Running of the Chinchillas. Think I'm going to box Dryer's Dust with Squeaky Toy.
Carl: (also holding a racing forum and a pen) And I'm taking Gerbil Bait to win.
Major Monogram: You're daft, Carl! (to Perry) Anyway, rumor has it that Doofenshmirtz plans to attend the ceremony. Odds are he's up to something evil. Better look into it, Agent P. (Perry zips away) Hmmm...Gerbil Bait. Heh, talk about your long shots. (He looks to his right) Dangit, Carl!

(Cut to D. E. I. Close up on Perry who is scaling up the building with suction cups. He takes off his hat and produces from it another black hole. Cut to inside Doofenshmirtz's lab, who is in his long johns tinkering with his latest inator.)
Doofenshmirtz: That should do it. (Perry emerges from the black hole while Doof's butt flap goes down.) Excellent. (turns around) Perry the Platypus? (looks at his butt flap) Oh. (he buttons it) Sorry you had to see that. It's just that...this one button. Anyway, you are just in time to witness as I activate the Kinderlumperinator and transform myself into a real live Kinderlumper! (Perry looks at Doofenshmirtz confused) What? Don't tell me you've never heard of the Kinderlumper. (Perry simply shrugs) Y'know...uh...gigantic troll with sharp teeth and nose like a broom handle, he grabs children, puts 'em in a gundersack if they...You never heard of this? My mother used to sing me this lovely song about it right before I went to bed. And it goes a little something like this. (He claps his hands twice. The lights go out. He claps twice again to reveal he is now dressed like Cab Calloway in front of a jazz band and does some of Cabby's signature walks.)

(Song: "Der Kinderlumper")
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ The Kinderlumper's probably gonna get ya ♪
♪ 'Cause you've only ever been an awful kid ♪
♪ Pretty soon he's gonna come and catch ya ♪
♪ Then everyone will know just what you did ♪
♪ Because... ♪

(Doofenshmirtz claps twice turning off the lights. He claps twice again turning them back on to reveal himself and Perry back where they were at the end of their conversation)
Doofenshmirtz: So anyway, I got this actual-sized Kinderlumper costume (climbing inside the suit) and I'm gonna shoot myself with the Kinderlumperinator to make me gigantic and trollish so, ya know, it will fit. Then I will go to scare my brother, Roger, so badly that he is certain to relinquish control of the Tri-State Area to me! Well, to the Kinderlumper, actually, but when the ray wears off, I'll be me again and I'll already be in control. Stand back, Perry the Platypus. Prepare to do some beholding! (He claps twice again, activating the Kinderlumperinator. Perry jumps up to him) Oh! Knock it off, you crazy platy— (The inator zaps both of them, transforming Doofenshmirtz into an exact likeness of the Kinderlumper, while Perry transforms into a rather giant hairy bearded platypus-type monster) It worked! Hee hee hee hee hee hee! (He claps twice accidentally activating the inator again, which shoots through the black hole and out the building.)

(Cut back to D.E.I. where the giant Perry monster is stomping on the inator)
Doofenshmirtz: Seriously, Perry the Platypus, is it really necessary to destroy everything? (Perry jumps off the destroyed inator and chatters. Doofenshmirtz backs away leading Perry onto a giant black "X" in the middle of the room) N-nn-n-n-now, now, that's a good trollish gigantic platypus. (Doofenshmirtz claps twice activating a giant cage that drops on Perry) Ha! Let that be a lesson to you: Never stand on a big cartoony "X"! And now, I've a little appointment to keep with the mayor. (Doof exits laughing. Perry chatters)

(Cut to the finish line in Badgertown where there is a big stage placed with lots of people gathered around it. Roger and Melanie are standing on the stage)
Melanie: The chinchillas should be here any minute, Mr. Mayor.
Roger: I hope they don't ask me to eat any rutabagas like last year.
Melanie: I think we can avoid (gasps dramatically) WHAT IS THAT?!?!
(Cut to reveal Doofenshmirtz, still in Kinderlumper form, trodding down the road.)
Roger: I think I know this guy. There's nothing to be afraid of! It's only the Kinderlumper come to join our celebration! Ha-ha! Now it's a party!
Doofenshmirtz: I, uh, I believe the more appropriate response would be to flee in terror.
Roger: But, Kinderlumper, why would I ever run away from you?
Doofenshmirtz: Don't you remember the Kinderlumper song?
Roger: Remember? Of course I remember! Bubbe used to sing me the song every night.
♪ The Kinderlumper's always going to love you ♪
♪ And bring you lots of presents while you sleep. ♪
Doofenshmirtz: N-n-no, wait! Those are not the words!!!
Roger: Well, that's how she sang it to me. And I still have some of the gifts you brought me. (He takes out a box of almond brittle.) Look! Almond brittle!
Doofenshmirtz: NO!!! But—But you don't even like almond brittle!
Roger: I know. (puts the box back in his jacket) That's why I never ate it.
Doofenshmirtz: (sobbing) Nooo-ho-ho....It's not fair!
Roger: Funny. I never thought of the Kinderlumper as such a crybaby.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh no! The effects are wearing off! (Doofenshmirtz reverts back to his original self)

(Open on Drusselstein, we hear a young Doofenshmirtz having some fun. Cut to the interior of Doofenshmirtz's bedroom where he is bouncing up and down on the bed)
Mrs. Doofenshmirtz: (shadowed) Heinz Doofenshmirtz, if you don't go to sleep this instant, der Kinderlumper will come to get you and put you in his gundersack!
Young Doofenshmritz: Well, that's a bit harsh, doncha think?
(The door closes as Young Doofenshmirtz gets into bed. While he's sleeping, the Kinderlumper goes to the window, opens it, and sticks his head inside. He sniffs young Doofenshmirtz and smiles leeringly.)

Doofelations Season 4:182 | Sidetracked

Major Monogram: Agent P. Doofenshmirtz was last seen boarding a train transporting Precious Albert the Moose. Cue the graphic Carl. (A picture of Albert the Moose appears) Albert the Moose is Canada's prized animal, who represents the unity of the provinces. We need you to make sure Doof keeps his mitts off that moose. If you fail, Canada Day celebrations will be ruined, (The picture of Albert the Moose disappears, except for the antlers) and Canada will break into civil war. Or, since it's Canada, it would be a civil conversation where secession would be topic of discussion, and... (Monogram notices the moose antlers) Carl? Antlers?
Carl: Sorry sir.
Major Monogram: Now this train runs along the border between the United States and Canada, so you only have jurisdiction on the American side of the train. To help you out on the Canadian side of the train You'll be teaming up with an Agent from C.O.W.C.A. the Canadian Organization Without a Cool Acronym, Agent Lyla. (A picture of the woman from Perry's previous mission is shown) You may remember her from that special assignment for our Seattle Bureau we sent you on a couple of months ago. I know that didn't go too well but I expect you to be professional, and put that all behind you. Get out there and good luck. (Perry leaves in his hover jet) Carl? Can I- Can I have those antlers back?
Carl: Sure sir.
(The antlers re-appear on the monitor)
Major Monogram: Oh yeah! I'm rockin' this look!

(Perry's hover jet arrives a the train, and he repels out of it, but his line gets tangle with Lyla's)
Lyla: Woo hoo! Ah, Agent P. we meet again. Aw look at that face.
(Perry slaps her hands away from his face)
Lyla: I know, you work alone. But you'll see Mr. "I can do it all by myself", having someone can be just what you need there.
(Perry jump down into the train through the hole he just cut.)
Lyla: Hey! Where you going?
(Perry lands across a table from Doofenshmirtz who is eating lunch)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus, what an unexpected surpri--- (Perry moves to punch Doofenshmirtz) Oh, whoa, wait, wait, wait! You're trapped, by societal convention. Look, we're in a fine dining environment, everyone knows not to thrown a scene in a fancy restaurant. That's right. You're trapped. Sit down.
(Lyla drops down)
Lyla: Oh shoot! I see we're trapped by societal convention.
Doofenshmirtz: Agent Lyla, from C.O.W.C.A.? IS this an international team up? Oh, you must hate that Perry the Platypus. A loner like you...
Lyla: Oh, come on, he's warming up to the idea.
Doofenshmirtz: Yes obviously.
Lyla: Why are you causing trouble in Canada, Doofenshmirtz?
Doofenshmirtz: Well, you see, I'm part of a U.S., Canada, evil scheme exchange program. I come up with a scheme, This other Canadian guy comes up with a scheme, and we switch. I do his scheme and he does mine.
Lyla: You gonna eat those fries?
Doofenshmirtz: Don't touch! Anyway I've got a little math quiz for the both of you. If a train carrying Precious Albert the Moose left British Columbia at eight o'clock in the morning, going eighty mile per hour, what time would it arrive at the Canada Day celebration? Answer? Never! Because I've tied up the conductor, and taken control of the train using my remote control Train-Operator-inator! Right now we are all headed to my scheme exchange partner's secret fortress. (Lyla reaches for the fries again) Hey cut it out, those are mine. Seriously, I can get the waiter over here if you want to order own, but please?
Lyla: This evil exchange partner of yours, what his name?
Doofenshmirtz: I think his name was Sir Railing, or Doctor Stairway, or something.
Lyla: Professor Bannister! Of course, my nemesis. Can I put some gravy on those?
Doofenshmirtz: Seriously, leave my lunch alone. Anyway, after Professor Banister gets the moose, it's going to ruin Canada Day, or you know, whatever. Crazy, right?
Lyla: You know what's really crazy? How good these fries are.
Doofenshmirtz: I am not kidding, leave those alone. I just don't understand it, why do you take my lunch, when you're in the dining car you can have you're own lunch. Oh it makes me crazy when people pick at my food. (Lyla winks at Perry, and Perry understands) Seriously, why is your hand out like that? I am seriously going to lose it. (Perry takes a fry) Aw, now you're both doing it!? Stop it! Stop it! Ahh! Oh no, even taking them but just squishing them! I can't take it. (Doofenshmirtz stands up and screams loudly) Get your own lunch!
(Everyone on the train looks at Doofenshmirtz)
Woman: That man is causing such a scene, it make me feel free to break up with you, IN A VERY LOUD MANNER!
(Everybody in the car begins screaming and yelling)
Waiter: I can't stand being a waiter!
Doofenshmirtz: Very clever, you've completely dismantled my societal convention trap. (Doofenshmirtz runs off)
Lyla: Let's get that "n-ator"!
Doofenshmirtz: It's pronounced "-inator"
(Doofenshmirtz runs down another car, but trips)
Doofenshmirtz: (To the tied up conductor) You did that on purpose!
Lyla: Alright Doofenshmirtz, end of the line!
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, train metaphors, so that's how it--
(Perry and Doofenshmirtz fight over the -inator, which flies out of their hands)
Lyla: I've got it! (It hits her) Ow!
(Perry grabs the -inator)
Lyla: Let me se-, I know how to-, just give me-
(The -inator flies out of their hands, and Doofenshmirtz grabs it)
Doofenshmirtz: You know, I think I'm with Perry the Platypus on this, I don't like seeing him teamed up either. (Perry kicks Doofenshmirtz down)
Lyla: I don't know, I think he's warming up to it. Hey! That's the Canadian side of the train!
(Perry drags Doofenshmirtz over a bit to the American side of the train, then punches him)
Doofenshmirtz: Ow! You know I think I"m going back to the Canadian side.
Lyla: I've got this.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh no yo don't, I'm on the American side now, you can't touch me. (Perry throws a punch) O! Canada. (Lyla does the same) Uh! 'Merica. (Perry hits him) Ow! Oh, it's on now.
Lyla: As they all fight) Ha, take that. This is for William Hull, and the War of 1812, look it up kids. I've got him P, cuff him. Hold it, hold it, hold it. (Lyla, Perry and the Conductor rise from behind the seats) Ooh, Sorry. Where is he!
(The bathroom door is shown closing)
Lyla: Open up big guy.
Doofenshmirtz: Occupied.
Lyla: Oh, oh sorry, I didn't realize you had to uh..
Doofenshmirtz: You know what they have in here, they have those tiny soaps, they make my hands look so big, it's like I'm a giant. All set.
(Perry and Lyla enter the bathroom, only to see Doofenshmirtz is gone, and the window is open)
Lyla: I can't believe it! He left the seat up!
Doofenshmirtz: I'm up here Perry the Platypus! (to the audience) You knew we'd end up up here eventually right?
(Perry climbs up to get Doofenshmirtz)
Lyla: P? Wait up!
(She climbs up as well, and they begin to chase Doofenshmirtz)
Lyla: He's getting away!
(The train take a sharp turn, and Lyla looses her balance, hanging on by just one hand.)
Lyla: Ah! Perry! Hey! Help me up!
(Perry grabs her, and they both fall off the train)
Lyla: Oops, sorry. My bad, eh? Hey look! An old time-y handcar! I've got an idea, come on.

Man: Excuse me, conductor? (Doofenshmirtz walks over) You know the train doesn't seem to be stopping at any of the scheduled stations.
Doofenshmirtz: Is that a fact? My apologies straphanger. Wait, which one was your stop?
Man: The next one.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, don't be concerned, step right this way.
(The Man and Doofenshmirtz are standing at a door)
Doofenshmirtz: So your wife is cooking dinner tonight?
Man: Oh, yes. We're having asparagus tips.
Doofenshmirtz: Asparagus tips, very classy. What's the entrée?
Man: Nova Scotia salmon.
Doofenshmirtz: Mmm-Mmm. Delish! Here's your-STATION!! (Doofenshmirtz kicks the man out the door) Say "hi" to your wife for me.
(The man tumble across a field, through a playground, then into his house.)
Wife: Well, someone's home early.
Man: The conductor says "hi".

Man on Train: Hey look fellow commuters, it's a lady!
Woman: And a platypus.
Woman 2: On a handcar.
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated ♪
Doofenshmirtz: (He pulls out his phone) My cellphone alert says there's a new platypus video online, that's trending. (He sees the video) Perry the Platypus! And Agent Lyla? On an old time-y-- (Perry come in and kick Doofenshmirtz down, causing him to spin on his head) Oh! Ha! Bet you can't do that. I learned that in the 80's. I also learned how to back away slowly on a newly installed escape platform! Ha! So long suckers! And now to watch my evil plan play out from the observat-- This, this is an observation deck? Chair nailed to a roof?
Man: Your blocking my view of Saskatchewan, eh?
Doofenshmirtz: Saskatchewan is that way, you dolt!
Lyla: Hold it right there Doofenshmirtz.
Doofenshmirtz: No you hold it right there. Because I still have this! The Train-Operator-inator! Without it the train would be completely--
(The train enters a tunnel and smashes the -inator)
Lyla: Oh boy.
Doofenshmirtz: ...out of control.

Doofenshmirtz: Alright so I'm on a runaway train in a tunnel. Afraid of the dark, I- probably also afraid of runaway trains, never really given it much thought. Doesn't come up that.. (They leave the tunnel) Ahh!
Lyla: Okay let's focus, there's got to be an emergency brake in the engine car. Let's go.
(Perry and Lyla begin running across the top of the train)
Doofenshmirtz: So I... I guess I'll go with you then.(Doofenshmirtz begins to run as well, then stops) Wait up Perry the Platypus, my shoe's untied. Just hang on a second. (Lyla and Perry stop) You can't be too careful when you're running across a moving train. There we go. On second thought, I'll double knot this. Okay let's go! (Doofenshmirtz walks forward and falls through a hole) Ahh! Aww, gross some joker left the seat up. Would you guys mind bringing me some paper towels, or something? (Lyla and Perry continue running) No?
(They get to the engine car, and hop in)
Lyla: The emergency brake is toast, I'm going to have to jury-rig the controls. Darn it!
(Doofenshmirtz enters the car)
Doofenshmirtz: If we weren't in the middle of a runaway train crisis, I would totally be giving you a hard time about leaving me in the toilet bowl.
Lyla: Now let me just get the red wire... Ah-ha! Bingo!
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, not to burst your bubble, but I don't think we're slowing down.
Lyla: We're not, I just got the hazard lights working. Safety first. The brakes were too far gone to fix. Now we just need to get all the passengers and Precious Albert the Moose into the same car, and we can save them. (Perry chatters) You're right! The caboose! Let's go!
Doofenshmirtz: This is why I'd rather not make friends, they find someone else, and "Bam!" you're alone.
Lyla: (Over the announcement system) Attention passengers, there is no need to panic, but--
(All the passengers scream, and run towards the caboose)

Butler: Pardon the interruption, Precious Albert, Sir, but your tea is ready.
(Albert begins to drink his tea, but is interrupted by all of the passengers flooding into the caboose)
Lyla: Folks, everything is under control, eh? We're going to separate the caboose from the rest of the train. (Lyla see the caboose has become disconnected, speak to Perry) Oh, you already did it. Nice going partner. I'm going to take a pic of this and send it to C.O.W.C.A.
Doofenshmirtz: We're saved. We did it! (everybody cheers)
(The caboose get pinched by two metal pincers)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, I swear that wasn't me.
(The caboose gets lifted into the air by Banister's helicopter)
Lyla: Banister! I should've known. You thinking what I'm thinking?
(Lyla and Perry climb to the top of the car, and fire their grappling hooks into the helicopter, and get lifted away)
Doofenshmirtz: (Now on top of the caboose) Aw, man, I never have a grappling hook when I need one. And I totally looked at mine this morning when I was getting dressed. Right there on the dresser. I hate it when that happens.
(In the helicopter)
Bannister: Well, well, well. If it isn't C.O.W.C.A.'s best agent, the unfortunately named, Lyla Lolliberry.
Lyla: Listen you, I come from a long alliterative line of Lolliberrys.
Bannister: And now you're trapped, miles above solid ground, with nothing but a beaver at your side.
Doofenshmirtz: (Climbing into the helicopter) He's a platypus, not a beaver. Hiya Banny! Pardon me, official exchange buddy coming through. (To Bannister) Yo, bro. Back so soon? My evil plan usually takes all day. How'd you do it so fast?
Bannister: Well I'll tell you. It went a little something like this: (In Bannister's flashback; Bannister flips the switch on Doofenshmirtz's -inator to "on", then leaves)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, I guess if you've got no one to monologue to...
Lyla: Enough backstory.
Doofenshmirtz: Actually that's not uh, that's not really a backstory, it's just expositional flashback. It doesn't uh, have any childhood trauma. It doesn't really form who he is. It's not... It's just flashback, there's a difference. It's suble, but there's a difference. (To Bannister) Anyway you're not the only productive one. I've taken care of your moose problem.
Bannister: Perfect! No Albert the Moose. No Canada Day.
Lyla: And you call yourself a Canadian!
Banister: Do I? You think that just because I'm polite, smell like pine needles, and over emphasize me T's, I'm Canadian? Well, you'd be wrong! Because I'm from Greenland! (Bannister tears down the Canadian flag hanging on the wall, revealing the flag of Greenland, cue dramatic music)
(Lyla and Doofenshmirtz gasp)
Doofenshmirtz: Cool flag.
Bannister: Thanks. Wait! No it's not! And that's the problem! We have no national pride! I mean listen to this: (He plays a song) Greenland's national anthem. Seriously! Does that inspire you to do anything other than icefish? But Canada? Oh they've got it all. The maple syrup. The national parks. The medal winning curling team. And the Moose. The moose! The symbol of Canada's National Pride! Precious Albert the Moose! What if he were to disappear? Everyone would lapse into a deep malaise. Forgetting what it means to be Canadian. I will then annex Canada to Greenland! Bring back Precious Albert, and reinvigorate the national pride! And I've written a new national anthem.

Doofenshmirtz: You're from Greenland! Do you know the punishment for misrepresenting your country of origin to the L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N. Organization? Plus your scheme is unnecessarily complicated and doesn't even seem like it would work! And that's coming from me!
Banister: It's the perfect plan! Yes it will. See, he agrees. Will you stop it?
Lyla: Who is he talking to?
Banister: Oh, how rude of me, allow me to introduce... (Banister removes his lab coat revealing two robots) Me-Positive, and Me-Negative! They're two magnetic robots I created for the purpose of vanquishing my enemies!
Doofenshmirtz: Magnetic robots?
Bannister: Yes, because it's all about polarity! You can't have two positives, or two negatives.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, you can have two negatives, just look at my family.
Lyla: Wait a second. Those robot parts look familiar.

Bannister: Oh, right. I got them from some friends of mine. I think you may have met in Seattle. (Banister mentions to the thugs in the truck from Seattle, who are playing cards)
Doofenshmirtz: Wow, those guys have been playing cards really quietly.
Lyla: I remember them. But I knew they would lead me to you, Banister. That's why I let them escape.
Bannister: Never mind them. Me-Positive, and Me-Negative can take care of you.
Lyla: Oh I get it, we're going to have an old fashioned helicopter fight.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh a helicopter fight? These can get really nasty. I'm just going to go play cards.

Banister: What!? (He throws the flag of Greenland over Lyla and Perry) I have just one thing to say to you Lyla Loliberry, (He jumps from the helicopter) Farvel!
Lyla: What does "farvel" mean?
Banister: It's Danish for "goodbye". It's one of the languages we speak in Greenla--
(Bannister is grabbed out of the sky by Peter the Panda's plane)
Bannister: Jinx you Lyla Lolliberry. Jinx you!
(Perry shows Lyla a picture of the fight)
Lyla: Way to text in the cavalry. Okay, let's get this bird off to Canada Day. We have a guest of honor to deliver.
(At the Canada Day Celebration)
Man: Go Canada! Go, eh?
Man 2: Way to go Constitution Act of 1864!
Man: Right on!
Man 2: WooOoo!
Lyla: So now you see why I had to let those guys go, right P.?
Doofenshmirtz: Well how was he supposed to know you had a tracker on their truck?
Lyla: He understands how these things are. One minute your catching a thief the next you get intel they might be leading you somewhere bigger and better.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, and by "bigger and better" you obviously mean me! Right? Right?
Lyla: Yeah, right. Anyway. You've got some serious skills there P.
(Perry Chatters)
Lyla: Oh stop, you're making me blush.
Monogram: Good work to the both of you. I can see things went well with our neighbors to the North.
Doofenshmirtz: Well now that our mission is done--
Lyla: Our mission?
Doofenshmirtz: ...maybe we could drop by Niagara Falls. It's so close by, and I've always wanted to see it.
Monogram: Well I suppose we could swing by on our way back.
(Peter, Lyla, Perry, Doofenshmirtz, Carl, and Monogram all observe Niagara Falls in silence, then slowly leave a la Ocean's Eleven)
Doofenshmirtz: I wonder how my scheme worked out for Professor Banister. I'm sure that Cloud Magnitizer-inator was a winner.

Doofelations Season 4:183 | Primal Perry

(Song: "My Undead Mummy" (instrumental))
(A bus reading "Danville Botanical Gardens" drives past; indoors, we see Perry walking through a doorway)
Major Monogram: Psst! Agent P!
(Perry looks around, confused)
Major Monogram: I'm in here! (Perry turns and moves to side of the vent Major Monogram is in, and puts his fedora on) Sorry for the break-in protocol, but this is urgent. Show him the photo,Carl.
(Camera pans right to show smaller vent to the side of Monogram's)
Carl: Yes sir. Here, Agent P. (Slides photo out of the vent, which Perry takes)
(Over Perry's shoulder, we see in the photo an alien shaking hands with a dragon, with a UFO in the background)
Major Monogram: Notice anything unusual, Agent P? Look closer, it's very subtle. (Perry stares down at it, wide-eyed) Here, use this. (Slides out a magnifying glass from the vent, Perry takes it and holds it up to his eye) See that small cluster of clouds? (Camera zooms in on the magnified clouds) It spells "Doof"! And "Doof" is short for "Doofenshmirtz"! (Perry puts down the photo and magnifying glass) That cloud is directly above the Danville Batanical Gardens! Two hundred acres of ecological diverse natural area. We need you to get out there and find out what Doof is. . .doofing! Here, (slides out a card from inside the vent) take my membership card. (Perry takes it and looks at it doubtfully) You get free parking and you get 15 percent off at the gift shop.
Carl: Sir, it says "non-transferrable" right at the bottom!
Major Monogram: Oh, Carl, they never look at the photo. Anyway, get out there, Agent P, and good luck! (Perry salutes, then leaves) And make sure to stop and smell the roses! Well. . . he never stops to smell the roses.
Carl: I know, sir.

(scene cuts to Danville Botanical Gardens, wher Dr. Doofenshmirtz is busy making smoke signals)
Doofenshmirtz: Wow, I had no idea that making smoke signals was so complicated! (Perry hops onscreen) Perry the Platypus!
Ruth: Excuse me, (scene switches to where two ladies, Ruth and Esther, are standing)you are in clear violation of the garden rules!
Doofenshmirtz: (to Perry) Docents. (To ladies, causally) So, uh, what seems to be the problem, ladies?
Ruth: You are showing blatant disregard for our signage!
Doofenshmirtz: (Looks down and realizes that he is leaning on a sign that reads,"Keep Off The Grass" in red letters) It's all good, ladies. I am a card carrying Danville Botanical Gardens club member. (pulls out card) See? Here's my card! And I'm carrying it!(Esther takes card from him and takes out a laser pen and proceeds to scan the card)
Ruth: Then you should know better, Mr Doofenshmirtz.
Doofenshmirtz: Oof!(Exclaims as Esther sharply nudges him in the gut) And i-it's Doctor Doofenshmirtz. Okay, bye! (to Perry) See how cool I was with them, huh? (Perry's eyes flick to the camera, and he gives the audience a doubtful look) So, Perry the Platypus, I'll bet you're wondering why I haven't trapped you yet. It's because I've hired someone else to do it for me! (On cue, a boomerang flies on screen and slams into Perry. Scene cuts to show Perry tied up and suspended from an arbor) Hehe! Perry the Platypus, meet Platypus hunter Liam McCracken! I found him on an evil consultant website.
Liam: Semi-aquatic egg-laying mammals, I can't stand the sight of 'em. And you know what? I'll tell you why. (to Doofenshmirtz) D'you mind?
Doofenshmirtz: No! You know what? Why don't you do the backstory today?
Liam: Back in Australia, I had a good life, but platypuses ruined everything. You see, when I was young, (cue ripple effect, flashback to when Liam was a baby. Baby Liam is seen in a stroller gnawing on a boomerang)
Liam's mother: (In flashback, as she pushes baby Liam's stroller) Aww, does he like his boomerang, does he? (notices a platypus near the stroller) Oh my, look at the cute lil' platypus! Hello, cute little fella! (scene changes to show that she and Liam's stroller are at the top of a hill) Hold still! (stroller starts to roll away) That's right. . .  Saay. . . Musk lily!(flashback ends)
Liam:. . . And I never saw me mum again. It was on that day that I swore revenge on platypuses.
Doofenshmirtz: "Platypuses"?
Liam: No, no,  I know, it sounds wrong, but it's actually right.
Doofenshmirtz: I always thought it was "platypi".
Liam: That's also acceptable. They're vile creatures, not to be trusted. . . (scene cuts to a close -up of his face) . . . the only mammals with poisonous ankle barbs-
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, (turns to Perry) you have a poisonous ankle barb? How come I never knew that?
Liam: Well I'm prepared. I've got my own poisonous ankle barbs. And a little somethin' else up my sleeve. I'd like you to meet the ladies. (Opens up jacket to reveal rows of boomerangs, cue dramatic music. Perry stares at him) (Points to the boomerangs) This here is Nancy, Barbara, Jill, Lauren, (in background) Anne, Nancy, Tracy 1, Tracy 2, Troan, 41, 52, Stacy, Panavise, Jaharrison...
Doofenshmirtz: (Turns to Perry) In all fairness, Perry the Platypus, there was nothing in his profile about, you know, naming his boomerangs. Even I find that a little creepy.

(scene cuts, returns to Danville Botanical Gardens, we see Doofenshmirtz still standing with his back to Perry, Perry is seen pulling a pair of scissors out of his fedora)
Liam:. . . Danni, oh, and this shiny girl came all the way from Greece. I call her- (notices that Perry has escaped) What the blazes?!
Doofenshmirtz: (turns and sees that Perry has escaped) See, I told you he was good! Now, about your refund policy. . .
Liam: (to Perry) That hat don't make you special. you're still a platypus. (At this, Perry narrows his eyes and chatters defiantly) I'm gonna make you eat those words . . .(stops uncertainly) or that noise. You and your hat are gonna make a fine addition to my trophy room.
Doofenshmirtz: Trophy room? Whoa-whoa hold on a second, I just hired you to trap Perry the Platypus, not- (steps onto trap, trap snaps shut with Doofenshmirtz inside)
Liam: Consider me off the clock, doc. (throws boomerang at Perry, Perry dodges, but it returns, ropes burst out of its middle and trap Perry, while the boomerang returns to Liam's hand)
Doofenshmirtz: What is this, is this a hammock? If it's a hammock, it's way too tight. (Liam takes no notice, instead grabs rope and starts pulling Perry towards him, Perry struggles and resists, but is unable to, Liam grabs his fedora and slaps one end of a handcuff onto Perry's wrist) Uh-oh, (sticks one hand out of the 'hammock') Mr McCraken, I think you caught me by mistake!
Liam: (slaps other end of handcuff onto Dr. Doofenshmirtz's wrist) No mistake there, doc. You're either with me, or against me. Come to think of it, I don't have a pharmacist on my trophy wall. . . yet.
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, whoa whoa whoa, what do 'you mean, "yet"?
Liam: I'm giving you sixty seconds head-start before the hunt commences.
Doofenshmirtz: I don't even know what you're talking about. (turns to the fedora-less Pery) Who's this platypus? Why am I handcuffed to him? Where is Perry the platypus? (Liam just ignores him) So to recap in order of importance, why am I handcuffed to him?
Liam: So as to make it easier to hunt the both of you. Now, run.
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, fair enough. (is pulled away by Perry) Whooa!! (scene changes to show Perry pulling Doofenshmirtz as they run through the garden, Doof talks but Perry ignores) Wow! You know, I really shouldn't have ignored the ninety-seven percent of customer feedback that says he tends to go rogue. So, I guess we should introduce ourselves. My name is Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz and you being a platypus, you can't talk to tell me your. . . you know what? I'm just gonna call you Steven, is that alright? You look like a Steven to me. (stops and sniffs the air, looks off to his right and sees a rasher of bacon hanging in midair) Bacon! What luck! I have really worked up an appetite with all this eluding. (moves toward the bacon, but Perry narrows his eyes at it,hooks his foot around the leg of a nearby park bench and kicks causing it to fall onto the area below the bacon, a trap snaps shut around it. Liam, some distance away, looks up at the recently activated trap)
Doofenshmirtz: Whoa, it was a trap?! I did not see that coming!
Liam: (to boomerang in hand) Alright, Nancy. Don't hold anything back, love. (throws Nancy, Nancy flies and takes a chunk out of a tree near to where Perry and Doofenshmirtz are, tree falls, Perry only just manages to pull Doofenshmirtz out of the way in time, Nancy returns to Liam's hand) What took you so long?

(scene changes to show Danville Botanical Gardens once more)
Doofenshmirtz: (to Perry) Hehheh, I think we lost him, you can slow down now.(Perry stops near a lake) I just said "slow down", I didn't say "stop". What are you looking at? (Perry stares out onto the lake, a determined look on his face) Oh no, we are NOT going- (cries out as Perry pulls him into the water) Hoo! That's cold! (Perry continues swimming downwards, Doof continues talking with his head out of the water) Wow, you're like a little motorboat there, Steven. (exclaims again as Perry pulls him in once more, Liam arrives at the lake shore, we see him putting on his gear, all of which is platypus-themed. Liam jumps into the water, he takes out a kind of slingshot boomerang and fires it at Perry. Perry sees this, and quickly digs up a large flat stone and uses it to shield himself, boomerang bounces off. Liam grabs Perry's tail, but lets go when Perry swipes him across the face with his ankle barb. Perry and Doof resurface) Wow, Steven, that was sweet! You've really good at that-that barb thing. (Perry suddenly notices something downstream and starts swimming upstream) What? Why are you turning around? Don't go back that way, that put-me-on-the trophy-wall guy is back there. (comes to a water fall) Oh, I see, a waterfall. Just in time for commercial. Isn't that convenient. (Both Doofenshmirtz and Perry go over the waterfall and start falling) What's that all about, anyway? It's not a clifffaller, it's called a cliffhanger, and here we are, falling, and-watch watch watch, here we go, wait, look, yup yup see? There you go! Fading to black!

Liam: I know you're down there, ya platypus. And I'm gonna find ya.
Doofenshirtz: (Perry climbs out of the waterfall plunge pool with Doof close behind) Hey! Hang on there, Steven. I'm tired of running. And I don't mean tired like, I need to sit down for a while, I mean although I am tired and I do need to sit down for a- I mean- I'm fed up with that guy! And with your animal instincts and my vast knowledge of science, I think we can make a stand. What do you say? Are you with me? (Perry pauses for a while, then gives Doof a thumbs-up. We then see a montage showing Doof and Perry gathering wooden poles and placing them in a tree, lifting a statue with ropes, Perry stopping to sniff a rose before making use of its thorns to make a rope, which is then twined tightly around some Cattail reeds which in turn, are placed in the lake. Perry is seen moving a stone with his bill to hold them down, Perry and Doofenshmirtxz are seen constructing a cage of some sort with the poles from before and string, Perry climbs a tree to pull some of its bark down. This is used to make a glove, which Doofenshmirtz wears and uses to crush a pear. All of this happens while the dramatic music from the start of the episode plays) Groovy!

(Scene switches back to Danville Botanical Gardens. Perry is turning a wheel, which turns the sprinklers on, creating a mist)
Liam: (sees the sprinklers turning on) Now, what's all this, then? (stands up and walks away as the sprinklers all around him turn on, spraying him) (To boomerangs) Alright, Jill, something's not right. Be a love and have a look around. (Throws Jill, which is caught by glove made by Doofenshmirtz earlier. Liam stands where he is and waits for Jill around, but continues walking forward when she does not return ) Jill? Jill? Where are ya? (turns around and sees Jill wedged in the trunk of a tree) Ah, there you are. I thought maybe you'd taken off from me. (moves to remove Jill from the tree, but find that she is, instead, fastened to the tree by a pull string) What the blazes? (Pull string activates underwater bows, which fire arrows made from the rose thorns and cattail reeds Perry had earlier, which strike Liam. He runs away, crying out in shock and pain. As he runs, he activates a trip wire that causes a water fountain to spray a powerful jet of water at him, while, overhead, a boulder rolls down a track made from two wooden poles and knocks a statue out of a tree, which Liam narrowly dodges. The statue, however, knocks a weighted rope net out of a tree, which falls onto Liam, trapping him successfully) Oof!
Doofenshmirtz: (Laughs triumphantly) We did it, Steven! High five!
Liam: So you think you've bested old Liam and his ladies? Sue begs to differ. (throws out a tiny boomerang which cuts the ropes of his net, Liam stands and pulls out another boomerang) I call this one Sharpay. 'Cuz she's sharp, eh? (throws Sharpay, which cuts Perry's and Doofenshmirtz's handcuffs, separating them. Sharpay returns to Liam, who growls in frustration. Freed, Doofenshmirtz and Perry run off) It's all right, Sharpay, I'll give you another chance. (throws, Sharpay, hits Doofenshmirtz, who slams nito a tree.)
Doofenshmirtz: Whoa!!
Liam: (catches and pockets Sharpay) That's my girl.
Doofenshmirtz: Ooh, ow(clutches knee in pain) . . . Steven!! (Perry, some distance away, on top of a small hill, looks up) Heelp!!
Liam: This looks like a job for Natasha! (Pulls out a giant boomerang from under his coat and throws it. Perry dives, avoiding the boomerang, which sails away into the distance.)

(Scene switches back to Danville Botanical Gardens)
Liam: (Puts down binoculars) No sign of him. Well, doc, it looks like it's just you and-(a plate flies over and hits him on the head, he picks it up from the ground) Ow! What the blazes?! (reads the text printed onto plate) Danville. . .Botanical . . Gardens? (both he and Doofenshmirtz look up to see Perry carrying a stack of DBG plates in his left paw, Perry holds up Major Monogram's card in his right)
Doofenshmirtz: Steven, you came back. That's right, fifteen percent off at the gift at the gift shop. Nice going, Steven!
Liam: Okay then, (pulls out a black boomerang with orange triangles, and an orange boomerang with black triangles) Theresa one and Theresa two, let's teach this platypus some manners. (Hurls both at Perry, who throws two more plates at him,which scatter both Theresas and hurtle towards Liam who only dodges them just in time. Perry gives him the "I'm watching you" sign')
Liam: Very clever. But let's see how you do against the (Pulls out seven identical boomerangs) Seven Sisters! (Perry throws more plates, knocking the boomerangs out of the air and even breaking some) Time to bring out Toni! With an I! (Taking advantage of the situation, Doofenshmirtz limps off)

(Scene switches back to Danville Botanical Gardens)
Liam: (To Perry) Okay, okay, I give up! (Looks up at the sky and sees Natasha coming towards him) you've got some skills. But there's one thing you should know about my gals. They always come back!(Gets up and runs for it, Perry turns and sees Natasha coming towards him. Natasha completely destroys the tree Perry is under. Perry climbs out of the rubble unhurt but Liam swoops in for the kill)
Liam: Aha! Gotcha! (places his boot's poisonous ankle barb right above Perry's heart) My greatest hunt ever (places Perry's fedora on his own head) ends right here!
Doofenshmirtz: (Offscreen) Stop what you're doing, McCraken! Step away from the platypus! (Liam looks up)
Liam: (In disdain) Doofenshmirtz.
Doofenshmirtz: I'd like you to meet my ladies. Ruth and Esther! (The old ladies from before appear on the scene)
Liam: Ah, docents. (Esther raises a hand and points to the "Keep off the grass sign") Oh, not again! I'll be right back, (throws Perry's fedora over his shoulder, Perry gets up and dusts himself off) I know how to handle these ladies. (To the ladies) The sign must've just been installed, I've never seen it before.
Ruth: Nice try, Liam, but this is your third infraction in as many weeks! Hand over your membership card!
Liam: (taken aback) Wha-? Let's not get crazy, now...
Ruth: All your membership privileges have been revoked for ten days. Esther will escort you off the grounds. (Esther comes up with a wheelchair. Liam gets into it)
Liam: But I can't leave! It's my natural habitat!
Ruth: Your file says you're from Pittsburgh.
Liam: (suddenly speaking in an American accent) It's not my fault, it's him! It's the platypus you want! (points at Perry, Esther lets go of the wheelchair and both ladies bend down to look at Perry. The wheelchair starts to roll away)
Ruth: Oh, look how cute he is!
Liam: (Rolling offscreen) Aahhh!!
Ruth: (Admiringly) What a handsome platypus!

(Scene switches back to Danville Botanical Gardens)
Doofenshmirtz: (Sees Perry in his fedora) Perry the Platypus! Oh, this is perfect, I want you to meet my new friend, Steven the platypus! You guys-(Looks around for "Steven" ) He's gone! I- I didn't even get a chance to say goodbye... (Perry takes off his fedora and tugs on Dr. Doof's lab coat to get his attention, Doofenshmirtz turns and notices "Steven") Steven! We were just talking about you! Hey, I'd like you to meet pe- (notices "Perry" is no longer around) Now where did he go? Oh, I really wanted you to meet him...maybe you know him! It's...not that I think platypuses all know each other or anything, (Perry shoots a look at the audience briefly before pulling Dr Doof offscreen. Doofenshmirtz keeps talking) I thought they might all run in the same crowd...

Doofelations Season 4:184 | Mind Share

(Cut to Perry on his hang glider, he checks his watch, which is beeping)
Major Monogram: Morning, Agent P. We have intelligence that Doofenshmirtz may have taken up Square Dancing. He cannot be allowed to use one of our beloved American traditions for his evil purposes! So get out there and make sure he do-si-do...sen't do that, I guess.
(Perry chatters)

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated. Perry is hang-gliding over the roof. He crashes into one of the windows. A lasso appears and grabs him. Doofenshmirtz appears from the right of the screen in cowboy attire.)
Doofenshmirtz: Gotcha! Ha-ha! I know what you're thinking. Why the snazzy getup? Why the boots? Well, ya see, I met this girl, Rosie, on a square-dancing website and I may have led her to believe that I'm...an expert square dancer. (Perry looks at him scornfully) Hey, don't give me that self-righteous look! It's the web, man! Everybody stretches the truth! You don't think that cat really eats cheeseburgers, do you? Anyway, that's why I made these boots (close-up on the boots) to help me dance. See? They have these little microphones that hear all the commands of the square dance caller and they move exactly to those commands, making me the perfect square dancer! So I really want to make a good impression. Maybe you can come along and, you know, make me look good. What do you say? Will you be my wingman? (Perry just gives Doof a look) There's my guy! Oh, yeah, and by the way, she also thinks I'm a champion bull rider, so if it comes up, you, y-, h-hey, don't look at me like that!

(Cut to the Danville Square Dance. Many Danville residents are attending dressed in western attire. Doofenshmirtz and Perry are standing at the entrance.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ooh, check it out, Perry the Platypus. There she is. That's Rosie. (cut to a woman with light red hair and freckles wearing a magenta dress holding a red Solo cup) She's from Hazel Park (whispering) by the racetrack. (out loud) Why don't you go over there and sit with the other wingmen? (cut to outside a barn where a fighter jet is parked and three fighter pilots are sitting and giving thumbs up) And you can, you know, give me hand signals in case I get stuck. Right? (He approaches Rosie) Heh, hi there. I'm...I'm JohnnyRingoenshmirtz217.
Rosie: (in a southern accent) Oh, so nice to finally meet you face to face. I must say, I like a man with a strong chin.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, (chuckles) well, thank you. A lot of people focus on the, you know, the weak forehead. So you...so you care to dance?
Rosie: I would love to.
(Song: Square Dance)
Caller: ♪ Do-si-do with all your might ♪
♪ Join elbows and circle right ♪
♪ Now join hands with the lady fair ♪
♪ And promenade her around the fair ♪
Pick it up now!
♪ You're lookin' good out there ♪
♪ Now promenade your lady fair ♪
(The following dialogue happens over the song)
Rosie: Well, Johnny, I'm impressed.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, these boots were made for dancin'... (closeup on the boots) literally.

(Cut back to the square dance)
Rosie: You got me all tuckered out with that fancy footwork you been doin'. What should we do now?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, well, let's see. (Looks to Perry who rubs his belly) We could rub our stomachs (Perry opens his mouth and points to inside of it) and point to our mouths and later we could roll our eyes and put our head in our hands.
Rosie: I thought we could get somethin' to eat.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, that sounds good, too. I mean... Hang on, let me check. (Perry gives him a thumbs up) Let's go!
(They exit. Cut to the entrance with the aliens still hypnotized by the music.)
Morg: Oh, rhinestone encrusted oracle, command us with your quadrilateral right angle voice commands! Hmm...
Caller: ♪ Allemande with the old left hand, ♪
♪ Hand over hand and heel over heel, ♪
♪ The faster you go, the better you feel! ♪

(Doofenshmirtz and Rosie are seen walking down the street.)
Rosie: Oh, Johnny, isn't it amazing how well we square-danced together?
(They pass by 2 Guyz N the Parque leaning on a wall. One of them presses play on a boombox and hip-hop music begins playing.)
(Song: Shake Your Body)
Singer: ♪ Shake your body like you just don't care! ♪
♪ Shake your body like you just don't care! ♪
♪ Shake your body ♪
♪ Shake your body ♪
♪ Shake your body ♪
♪ Shake your body ♪
♪ Shake shake shake shake shake shake shake shake ♪

(Doofenshmirtz unwillingly shakes his body like he just doesn't care.)
Doofenshmirtz: It's the boots! I don't usually have...boogie fever! Y'know I... (stammers)
Rosie: Oh, JohnnyRingoenshmirtz! You said you only square danced! Well, I would never go out with somebody who would stretch the truth on the internet! Goodbye!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, come on, you don't think that cat really plays the piano, do you?!

Doofelations Season 4:185 | Backyard Hodge Podge

(Cut to the secret lair. Agent P saunters to his chair looking droopy-eyed and a little round.)
Major Monogram: Morning, Agent P. (Perry chatters wearily) Guess whose birthday it is, Agent P? (cut to the monitor showing Monogram wearing a party hat) It's not Carl's. And it's not yours. Okay, okay, it's mine! (blows a noisemaker) Help yourself, Agent P. (a piece of cake with a candle on it emerges from the floor but Perry refuses it) Not a cake person, huh? Oh, well. We've noticed a surge of revenue going to Doofenshmirtz's bank account recently. Get to the bottom of it. Are we ready to sing, Carl?
(Carl enters)
Carl: I'm patching in all the agents now, sir. We couldn't afford the rights to that famous birthday song, so the agents and I came up with this. (various O.W.C.A. agents appear on the monitor in separate boxes, Carl blows a pitch pipe) A one, a two, a three.
(All the agents make different unmelodious sounds. Perry simply gets off his chair and sneaks away.)
Carl: ♪ Birth-daaaaaaaaaaay! ♪
Major Monogram: (sniff) That was just beautiful!

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated, with Perry on his hang-glider.)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated ♪
(Perry lets go of the hang-glider and rolls on the floor, but two mechanical hands trap him and lift him onto a doctor's chair with an optometrist's eye exam device on it.)
Doofenshmirtz: Good to see you, Perry the Platypus! But you will be lucky to see anything after y—Oop! Oh! I almost used my final zinger before I even told you my evil plan! Just put it out of your mind. Bzzt! It's gone like...like you've been zapped by a mind zap-inator....zapperinator or something. Hmmm. Anyway, you may be wondering why you're in an ophthalmologist's chair. Well, it seems that I've come into a bit of good fortuuuuune! Some technology of mine is being used to in eye examination equipment...
(Flashback to Doofenshmirtz getting his mail)
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) ...and I've been getting royalty checks. The extra money is fine and all, but it really chafes my hide (shot of Doofenshmirtz observing the equipment being used) that something I invented is being used for good! (grumbles)
(End flashback)
Doofenshmirtz: Eh, y'know what I mean? So, so I invented (takes down an inator from the ceiling) the Eye Fog-inator to temporarily blur the vision of whomever it hits. It will then force people to go out and get their eyes checked, and I'll get even more money, which I can then spend on EEEEEEEEE-VIL! So, y'know I, it kinda evens out. And you, Perry the Platypus, will be my first test subject! (He puts the equipment on Perry) Okay, put your little chin on the thing. (Takes out a cloth from his lab coat) Oh, oh, l-let me wipe that off for you. Gets so greasy. (adjusts the equipment) Okay, lift your head a bit, there-there we go. Perfect. (takes down the inator) Okay, here's my zinger: You'll be lucky to see anything after the eye fog-inat—Uch! It, y'know, it worked before when it was in context, but-but it just sounds silly now. N— (grumbles) Okay. (activates the inator) Now, now you'll feel a slight puff of air. (some gray smoke spews out of the inator) Okay, and then the blinding ray. (a red laser shoots out the device) So d-did it work? (Perry squints, point of view shot from the chair. We see a rather blurred image of Doofenshmirtz) Well, why are you giving me the stink eye? Did it work or not? (Perry simply shrugs his shoulders) Huh, uh, I guess I'll just have to try it on myself. (He aims the inator at himself) Okay, three steps back and... (the grey smoke and the red laser comes at his face) Wooooah! Woah I can see... (point of view shot from Doofenshmirtz, whose vision is just as blurry) ...that I cannot see. (waves his hand in front of his face) This... It... It works! (Perry escapes from the trap while Doofenshmirtz stammers) I can consider this a success, Perry... Perry the Platypus, where are you? (Perry attempts to kick Doofenshmirtz in the face but misses) Did you say something?

(Cut back to D. E. I. Perry and Doofenshmirtz are in a no-win fight.)
Doofenshmirtz: I've got you now, Perry the Platypus! (They attempt to run into each other but miss; Doofenshmirtz punches a chair instead) Perry the Platypus, did you get yourself upholstered?

(Cut back to D. E. I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Y'know, maybe I should've thought before blurring my own vision. It was very short sighted. Anyway, could you make that "digga-digga-digga-digga-digga" sound for me? (Perry kicks him in the jaw) That was a lucky kick, Perry t— (Perry kicks him again, Doofenshmirtz makes angry noises) Wait, I just need to blast myself again and I'll clear my vision and get the jump on him. (On the contrary, Perry jumps him first) Hey, hey, you jumped on me! You used my own turn of phrasing against me! Wow, irony! (He walks off camera and we hear a crash. Cut to a shot of Doofenshmirtz standing next to a scattered pile of buckets) Really? A stack of buckets? That'll teach me to randomly stack buckets in the center of my lab.

(Cut back to D. E. I., Doofenshmirtz is holding the inator)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, found it! Okay, I just have to take three steps back. One..two.. (trips backwards and falls off the building as the inator activates) OWWWWWWWWWWWWW! WHY DO I KEEP STACKING BUCKETS?!?! CURSE YOU, PERRY THE PLATYPUS!!!!
(Perry is seen on top of the inator. He sticks his head in it and gets his vision back. He grabs one of the mechanical arms from the trap and destroys the inator with it.)

(Cut to outside the ophthalmologist's building. Doofenshmirtz screams and falls and eventually his leg catches the giant sunglasses sign outside the store. Balthazar, wearing glasses, walks up with his parents)
Balthazar: I can see everything so well now.
Father: Yes, whoever invented those gizmos inside that machine must be a person who is dedicated his or her life to good.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, man!
Father: Ignore the upside down man, Balthazar.

Doofelations Season 4:186 | Bee Day

(Perry, flying with his bee jetpack, throws his bee antenna headband away)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, there you are Perry the Platypus - Hey, great costume, that's the bee's knees or you know, wings in this case. (A giant yellow fly swatter appears behind Perry and swats him) Ha! Swats happening, Perry the platypus. Swats up! Swats goin- (Perry punches him in the chin) Oof! Puh, hey, swats your problem? (Perry punches him again) Oh, I'm sorry, I-I can't help it, I got bees in the brain, especially the queen bee, You only hear about the queen bee this, queen bee that. You'll never hear about the King Bee, do you? That means there's a power vacuum that I need to exploit. (shows an -inator) Behold! The Aroma-nator. Like the queen bee, I have acquired mass quantities of pheromones. See? Right here in the tank. Once I spray myself, the bees will be attracted to me and I will be crowned King Bee! After that, it's just a hop, skip, and a jump to ruling the entire Tri-State Area.

(Cut back to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: (carrying a vacuum cleaner) Okay, time to fill the void in the power vacuum. 'Cause you see, it's a-it's a real vacuum cleaner. (Perry gives a look) No? Wow, either I'm off my game or you're just being stubborn. (Doofenshmirtz activates the vacuum and all the bees get sucked inside) Ha ha! Sucks to bee you! So we're back in business! Now, lemme just shut off this baby—Oops! I almost hit the self-destruct button here! What? I-I install one on everything. It's my thing. I put one on my coffee machine, on my TV, (cut to a shot of Doofenshmirtz's toilet with a self-destruct button on it) I have one everywhere. (cut back to Doofenshmirtz) I even put one on my underwear. See? Look. (he activates his underwear's self-destruct button) Oof! Oh, that, uh...that was not pleasant.

(Cut back to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Now that the bees are out of the way, let's try this baby out. Just a little spritz. (He activates the Aroma-inator and gets more than just a little spritz.) Uh...okay...needs a little adjustments. (The doorbell rings) Oh, that's right. Charlene's coming over to get Vanessa's headphones for her. (He walks over to the door with the headphones and opens it to reveal his ex-wife.)
Charlene: Hello, Heinz.
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, Charlene. (giving her the headphones) Here ya go.
Charlene: (taking the headphones) Oh, thanks, Heinz. Wait, are you more attractive all of a sudden?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, why, thank you, I have been trying to—Oh, wait, no, it's just the pheromones.
Charlene: Wow! Well, it's really working because suddenly I can't remember why we broke up.
Doofenshmirtz: You said you hated Mr. Tomato.
(Doofenshmirtz takes out a badly made tomato puppet.)
Mr. Tomato: Hello, Charlene.
Charlene: Oh, hello, Mr. Tomato. (to her ex-husband) Thanks for the reminder. (leaves) I'm outta here.
Mr. Tomato: Y'know, it wasn't me she didn't like.
Doofenshmirtz: Shut up!

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz and Perry)
Doofenshmirtz: Now we're cookin' with gas! Watch, Perry the Platypus, (Perry throws his fedora. It hits both the forward/reverse switch and the on/off switch) as I spritz myself right into ruining the Tri-State Area! (The Aroma-inator gives Doofenshmirtz a huge spritzing, but he then sees the escaped bees) Uh-oh. (All the bees surround Doofenshmirtz) Oh! Ow! I think it might be time for Plan Bee!! (Perry uses his tail like a chainsaw freeing himself from the swatter trap while Doofenshmirtz is still yelling.) Stop it stop it! (Perry puts his fedora back on) Ah! Ow! They're all over me! Ahhhhh!!! Get 'em off! Get 'em off!!!! (Perry runs over to the remote. He activates the Aroma-inator emptying it completely. The bees follow it.) Thank you for saving me, Perry the Platypus! And on the bright side, with all those bees, not one sting! Ow! (He spits out a bee and sticks out his swollen tongue.) Oh, man! I thould've ekthpected thith. At leatht my inator ith intact. (Perry pushes the self-destruct button on the remote control.) Ah, thhoot! Curth you, Perry the Platyputh! (beat) Curth you! I thaid, "Curth you, Perry the Platyputh!" Yeah, well, thee, you thould be able to get it in contektht.

Doofelations Season 4:187 | Bee Story

Sincerely,
Heinz Doofenshmirtz".)
Poofenplotz: "We regret to inform you that..." Oh! Reject me, will they? No matter. (she crumples the paper up) My newest evil scheme is sure to catch the attention of that silly boy's club. (Close up on Pinky in his purse. He barks.) Pinky the Chihuahua! (Pinky jumps out of the purse and growls and barks at his adversary.) Fortunately, I was expecting you. (She pushes a button on a remote and a makeup case pops out of the rug trapping Pinky.) The makeup case doubles as a trap. (She lifts it up.) Could you hand me that lipstick in there? (Pinky gives her the lipstick.) Thank you.

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated. The Fireside Bees buzz over to the building)
Isabella: My bee instincts are buzzing! This must be where our bees went!
Gretchen: They must've been attracted to that heavenly scent. What is that?
(Overhead shot of Doofenshmirtz getting his vacuum cleaner walking up to the Aroma-inator.)
Doofenshmirtz: (talking under) Okay, time to fill the void in the power vacuum. 'Cause you see, it's a-it's a real vacuum cleaner.
Milly: It seems to be coming from that gigantic perfume sprayer.
Gretchen: Let's check it out!
Isabella: Woah! It looks like every bee in Danville is here! Fireside Girls, forward, buzz!
Doofenshmirtz: (He activates the vacuum and all the bees get sucked inside) Ha ha! Sucks to bee you!
(The Fireside Bees all get sucked into the vacuum cleaner.)
Doofenshmirtz: ...just shut off this baby—Oops! I almost hit the...

(Cut to inside the vacuum.)
Doofenshmirtz: (from outside) ...self-destruct button here!
Isabella: Wow! Humans really take for granted not being sucked into the nearest vacuum cleaner. I'm gonna see if the queen knows anything. (She buzzes up to the queen bee) Excuse me, Your Majesty, do you have any idea how to get out?
Queen Bee: Not a clue. And without my jelly, I'm way too weak to fly. Ugh.
Isabella: Whadaya think, Fireside Girls?
Holly: What are we supposed to do now?
Gretchen: Bee Day's almost over and we're stuck inside a pharmacist's power-vac.
Isabella: What? Over? Did you say "over"? Nothing is over until we decide it is! Was it over when we helped Candace get fifty patches in one day? Heck no!
Holly: I thought it was only forty-nine.
Ginger: Forget it, she's rolling.
Isabella: And it's not over now! Cause when the going gets tough... the tough get going! Come on, girls, we've got enough patches between all of us to make this work! We can do this! Gretchen, Milly, Katie, you've got the exploring patch, right?
Milly: Yes, and we can look for a way back out of here!
Gretchen, Milly and Katie: Right!
Isabella: (picking up a piece of hair) These pieces of hair and dust are like rope! Holly, Ginger, you girls have the advanced knot-tying patch. What do you think?
Holly: We could totally work with that stuff!
Ginger: And make a sling for the queen!
Isabella: And Adyson, you and I have the appliance repair patch!
Adyson: Let's hotwire the vacuum and reverse the motor so that it blows us all out again!
Isabella: (fist bumping Adyson) That's what I'm talkin' about!
Adyson: There they are! All we need to do is swap those leads to the forward-reverse switch.
Isabella: Great! How's that sling comin'?
Gretchen, Milly and Katie: All good to go!
Isabella: Excellent work! Recon Team, is the escape path charted?
Ginger and Holly: Yes, ma'am! Power vac hose located!
Holly: (sneezes) Achoo! It was murder on my allergies.
Isabella: Bee-autiful! Prepare for exit, everyone!

(Cut to outside the vacuum. Perry throws his fedora. It hits both the forward/reverse switch and the on/off switch. Cut back to inside the vacuum as the bees get blown right out. The Aroma-inator gives Doofenshmirtz a huge spritzing, but he then sees the escaped bees)
Doofenshmirtz: Uh-oh! (All the bees surround Doofenshmirtz) Ah!
Isabella: Great job, Adyson!
Adyson: (sarcastically) Uh, thanks?
Isabella: We're going home to the Fireside Lodge! Everybody, follow me!
(Wide shot of D.E.I. as the myselfcopter flies past it.)

Doofelations Season 4:188 | Great Balls Of Water

(Cut to Agent P by the garden shed. He rolls up a section of the lawn revealing a hole, which he dives into. His wristwatch communicator beeps while inside the tunnel.)
Major Monogram: (on watch, whispering) Sorry I can't be there, Agent P, (cut to the watch showing Monogram's eyes) but I'm stuck on jury duty. You'll be getting your mission today from Director Dipthong from accounting. Good luck. (gavel bangs, Monogram pulls away and speaks to the offscreen judge) Uh, uh, no, Your Honor, I'm not speaking on a mobile device. I...I'm talking to...a wart on my hand. (to the watch) Go away, wart! Go away!
(Cut to Agent P's lair as Perry finally lands onto his chair. The screen activates revealing a plain man wearing a military uniform similar to Monogram's only with the initials DD instead of MM on it.)
Director Dipthong: Hello, Agent P. It's me, Director Dipthong...from accounting. Dr. Doofenshmirtz has been buying an exorbitant amount of negative ion generators and negative power cable and I'm positive that it can't be good. (Perry rolls his eyes) Yeah. Eh, so go find out what Doofenshmirtz is up to and put a stop to it. Descending Dipthong! (He sinks down from the screen)
Carl: What are you doing?
Director Dipthong: (going back up) It's my signature sign-off. What do you think? "Descending Dipthong." (sinks down from the screen again)
Carl: I'd stick with accounting.

(Cut to D.E.I.)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated ♪

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz's lab where he is in a tank top, shorts, and socks, putting together his latest inator.)
Doofenshmirtz: Aw, man, why did I save all the manual labor on my newest inator for the hottest day of the year? I might as well be doing hot yoga up in this piece! Can I get a "what-what?" (no response) Norm, where's my "what-what?"
Norm: I'm sorry, sir. People do not say that anymore.
Doofenshmirtz: How do you stay so current?
(Perry appears on the balcony in his jet pack)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus, won't you have a seat? (A chair lying on its back emerges from the floor and traps Perry) That is not not how you sit on a chair! Which means it is! Because I used a double negative! Sure, it's grammatically incorrect, but it's the core of my newest creation: the Double Negative-inator! It takes any negative statement and turns it into a double negative, which...which, in turn, makes it positive, I... Anyway, I...I was dreaming about cold weather because it's been so hot lately and I remembered how much I loved the Minty Wink Eggnog they make at Beverly's Lunch downtown...

(Flashback to Doofenshmirtz at Beverly's Lunch)
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) ...so I went out to get one. But then, Beverly told me I couldn't have it because they only make it in the winter. No matter how I begged and pleaded, she stood firm. No Minty Wink Eggnog! Because it's not winter!
(End flashback)

Doofenshmirtz: Ugh! Anyway, once I recovered from the shock, I did what I always do: solve a simple problem by inventing a complicated and menacing machine. All I have to do is blast Beverly with this and bzzt! she'll be like, "Oh, I guess you can have it, 'cause it's not not winter" and, suddenly, I'm drinkin' Minty Wink Eggnog, baby! Perhaps then, I can make myself not not ruler of the Tri-State Area! Huh? Huh? You didn't see that coming, did you? (Perry chatters) Oh, don't be cranky, Perry the Platypus, you can have a Minty Wink Eggnog, too.

(Cut back to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, a few more tweaks and I'm ready to double down on some negatives! (Perry escapes from his trap and hits Doofenshmirtz on the head with the chair.) Woah I— (Perry jumps on Doofenshmirtz) That double negative did not make a positive! Ow! Oh, you are gonna get it now! (They run into each other but miss. Doofenshmirtz lands on the controls.) Oh no n-n-no! Now it's stuck in random fire mode! Don't know why I put that mode on there.

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz and Perry in their fight.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha! Ya mi— Ow! (falls backwards breaking a table with water and cupcakes on it) That was refreshing. (Perry puts his foot on a button on the controls and an explosion is seen from the building. Perry makes his escape on his parachute.) Ah, that was not not the self-destruct button. (Cut back to Doofenshmirtz in the mess in his lab.) Ugh! Well, oh, man, once again, the place is trashed! You just take off, leaving me here to clean it all up. (Putting on an apron and getting a broom and dustpan) Does it ever occur to you, Perry the Platypus, how much of a mess is left after one of our little tête-à-têtes? I betcha it never even occurred to you that I keep talking to you for a while after you've gone! I mean, it's probably a sad commentary on my life that I'm wearing an apron and talking to a platypus that's no longer...How long have you been standing there, Vanessa?
Vanessa: (offscreen) Long enough, Dad.

Doofelations Season 4:189 | Where's Pinky?

(Cut to Agent P's lair. Perry lands in his chair next to a familiar looking canine agent already seated there.)
Major Monogram: Ah, Agent P. I believe you know Agent Pinky. (Cut to a shot of Agent Pinky, shaking, next to Agent P.) Agent Pinky informs us that Doof intends to steal the deed to the Tri-State Area from the City Hall archives. It seems he's discovered that whoever has the deed automatically becomes the ruler. It's an old law from a simpler time. You'll find that Agent Pinky is quite an asset, Agent P. He's good with computers, covert ops, and, quite frankly, he needs the hours. So get out there and stop Doofenshmirtz! Good luck, Agents P and, uh...P! (Agents P and Pinky leave) I guess you're just two "P's" in a pod. (chuckles) Carl, where's my rimshot?
Carl: (offscreen) It's right in front of you.
Major Monogram: (picks up a flyer with the words "Ba-Dum Crash" and a picture of a snare drum on it) How did you do that?!

(Cut to outside the building. Perry and Pinky parachute down. Pinky gets practically buried in his own parachute when he lands. Perry pulls him from under the parachute and slams open the door and sees a very long line of people waiting. The agents approach Doof who is standing in line with a box in his hands.)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? No way! What a coincidence! (to the person behind him) Excuse me, if you and your mullet would just take one step to the... Thank you. (to Perry) Oh, look! You brought your little dog, too! How cute! Oh, FYI, I don't think they allow dogs in here. So, y'know, watch out for that. Anyway, I bet you're wondering why I'm in City Hall, right? Well, I plan to go down into the secret City Hall vault and steal the— Oh, y-you know that, right. (huffs) Right, right, of course. That's probably why you're here. To stop me, right? (opening his box) What you probably don't know is how I will get into the vault without being noticed. (takes out an inator helmet from the box) Behold! My Blend-Into-The-Background-intaor. I will be able to search the vault and steal the hidden deed, because, like they say, it's easier to find a hidden object when you're hidden as well. Right. Th-Th-Th-That's the thing. They say that. Anyway, (puts helmet on) I place the inator on my head, like so, I press this button and, now I'm here (disappears) and I'm blended in (becomes visible again) I'm here, (disappears) I'm gone! (reappears) I'm here, I'm go— Oh, my head! I hope there's no long-term damage from this, but—ugh! Anyway, I bet you think I forgot to trap you. Well, surprise! You're already trapped...by bureaucracy! You see, you don't have a number, Perry the Platypus, so by the time you and your little dog get into the archives, I will already be ruler (disappears) of the Tri-State Area!! (He laughs and exits)
(Perry slides up to the door.)
Female Bureaucrat: I'm sorry, you cannot go in there without a number, sir. (Pinky slides behind him.) Oh, please don't tell me you brought your dog!

(Cut to invisible Doof going to the elevator and pushing down.)
Doofenshmirtz: To the basement! (a man walks up to the buttons and attempts to press up) Aah! Quit it! Fresh! (looks at the buttons) Alright, lessee, garage, basement, catacombs, pessimistic humanoid underground dwellings...Ah! Here it is: gift shop and secret vault! (Pushes the button.)
(Cut to a shot from under the elevator to reveal laser beams turning off. The elevator goes down.)

(Cut to the City Hall vault. Doof jumps out of the elevator.)
Doofenshmirtz: What kinda elevator falls at the speed of gravity? Why did they even put an elevator there? I coulda just jumped down the shaft or... (gasps) The deed! Well, I guess it's not...not all that hidden, then, is it? Well, maybe it's just easier to find 'cause I'm hidden! Yes, I (reappears) knew that was a real saying! Come to Papa! (gasps)
(The elevator doors reopen to reveal Perry and Pinky.)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus?! Oh, and your pet dog. How did you escape the clutches of bureaucracy? (Perry holds up a piece of paper with the number "7" on it.) Oh, oh, you took a number. I guess the line wasn't as long as I thought. But you're too late! (disappears again) Once I get outside, I will own the Tri-State Area! (Pinky kicks Doof into the ground as he reappears again and a bunch of rolled up papers fall on the ground) W-Which one is it? Oh, great, now I'm confused!!

(Cut back to the vault where Perry, Pinky and Doof are searching among the papers for the deed.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, lessee, the Declaration of Independence, the Magna Carta, the Deed to the Tri-State Are—I mean the Mayflower Compact? Ha ha! (goes in the elevator with the "Mayflower Compact" and disappears) Goodbye, Perry the Platypus!
(Perry takes out his grappling hook and he and Pinky go up with the elevator.)

(Cut to a City Hall door. Pan down to reveal a doggy door.)
Buford: Oh! Oh! In here! Follow Buford!
(Buford goes through the doggy door)
Phineas: Hey, guys, he went here!
Isabella: I think Buford found him!
Baljeet: Really? A doggy door in a municipal building that does not allow dogs?
(Cut to Perry on a balcony watching Doof. He presses a button and a gate comes down on a door.)
Doofenshmirtz: What the?! Who did that?
Isabella: This way, everyone!
(Pan down to reveal Pinky standing near a statue in the middle of the room. Perry looks left and right. Zoom in on the Blend-into-the-Background-inator. Perry takes out his grappling hook and swings.)
Doofenshmirtz: Lessee, how do you get outta here, now? (Perry swipes the inator off of Doof.) Hey!
(The gang follows Buford as he continues to sniff.)
Buford: Huh? Another dog! Dis way! (He jumps forward)
Isabella: Oh, I hope it's Pinky!
(Perry drops on Pinky and activates the inator. Buford looks around and sniffs the inator.)
Buford: Right here! Right here, he—What? (takes off his helmet) He should be right here! Oh, man!
Phineas: I don't get it. Well, maybe the helmet needs to be fine-tuned.
Buford: (puts helmet on the floor) Yeah, you guys do that. I'm gonna go get a Slushy Dawg.
(Cut to a computer with the text "COMPUTER LOCK OVERRIDE:" being typed onto it.)
Doofenshmirtz: R-I-D-E, colon. (The text "PASSWORD: _______________" appears) Password? Oh, good! I'm r-really good at passwords! Okay, lessee...Uh, how about, uh, "Reindeer flotilla", ah, and send. (The gate raises.) Ha ha! Yes! Now, I'll just take this deed outside and I'll be the ruler of the— (Perry drops down) Perry the Platypus?! (Pinky walks up to him) And your little dog, too?! You're both persistent, I'll give ya that, but the security system is offline and there's nothing you or your little dog friend can do about it! Y'know, unless, one of you happens to be really good with computers.
Major Monogram's Voice: Agent Pinky is good with computers...good with computers...good with computers...
(Perry whistles and Pinky looks at the computer and gives a thumbs up. He takes the computer down from the pedestal and whacks Doof on the head with it. Doof lets go of the deed and Perry grabs it.)
Doofenshmirtz: Wow! That guy is really good with computers!

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, great, now I'm confused!
Don: ♪ It's the history of an area, the Tri-State Area, ♪
♪ Don't mean to cause a ruckus or a fuss; ♪
♪ It's the birthplace of the onion and the Danville cafeteria, ♪
♪ And home of Bigfoot's hairless cousin, us! ♪

Doofelations Season 4:190 | Phineas and Ferb Musical Cliptastic Countdown Hosted by Kelly Osbourne

Announcer: From the PFT Studios in still moderately charming and majestic downtown Danville, it's—
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, yeah, we know the drill. We've hosted before. (pointing to Major Monogram) He's good, I'm evil, blah blah blah.
Major Monogram: I, for one, am excited to be here.
Doofenshmirtz: I'm all tingly! I've actually got butterflies in my sto—
Announcer: Let me finish my introduction! Welcome to Phineas and Ferb's Musical Cliptastic Countdown Hosted by...Kelly Osbourne! (Timpani drum plays as Doof and Monogram get questionable looks on their faces.) And now, here's our host: She's a singer, an actor, a fashionista du jour, Kelly Osbourne!
(Massive applause and cheers. Pan on the audience, which includes Millie and Holly. A live-action Kelly appears on the stage next to Doof and Monogram.)
Kelly Osbourne: Hi, everybody! What'cha doin'? I have always wanted to say that. I am so excited to be here. I promise you guys, this is gonna be a rockin' show full of surprises. And anyone who knows anything about me, they know that I absolutely LOVE Phineas and Ferb! And being a singer myself, I love love LOVE the songs.
Doofenshmirtz: Wai-wai-wai-, w-what's goin' on here?! We are the hosts!
Major Monogram: Yeah, and, uh, aren't you a little too three-dimensional to host an animated show, young lady?
Kelly Osbourne: Yes. Yes, I am. But I'm doing it anyway, so just deal with it.
Doofenshmirtz: But w-we have hosting contracts and everything!
Kelly Osbourne: Did you read your contract?
Doofenshmirtz: Nobody reads them, they're like a hundred pages long and pages 2 through 99 are useless, like, like parsley on a dinner plate. Nobody eats it. Y'know, if they're gonna put stuff on your plate that y-you're not gonna eat, why not make it something useful, like a-like a keychain or, or gold doubloons.
Kelly Osbourne: Dude, why are you rambling on about parsley? You're bringing the entire energy of the show down! Maybe you guys can be my co-hosts!
Doofenshmirtz: Co-hosts? I don't like the sound of that. Sounds like a demotion.
Kelly Osbourne: Enough of you two. (to the audience) You guys ready? Let's get this party started!
(Audience clapping and cheering)
Kelly Osbourne: There were so many songs to pick from, I mean, just take a look at all of them.
(She points to the screen behind her, which shows practically all of the songs that have been on the show.)
Major Monogram: Wow, that is a lot of songs.
Kelly Osbourne: You guys voted and now we're gonna rock the top 10! Here's number 10!

(Audience, Doofenshmirtz, and Major Monogram applauding; Kelly waves and blows a kiss to the camera.)
Doofenshmirtz: (groans) Demoted to co-host.
Kelly Osbourne: I've been a co-host before and I had a blast doing it!
Doofenshmirtz: Well, goody gumdrops for you!
Major Monogram: Don't worry, Kelly. I am totally down for being second banana.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, first of all, that's a little sad. But, second of all, technically, you would be third banana. It would go: Kelly, and then me, and then you. And, ih, I would be second banana.
Kelly Osbourne: Nobody is a banana, because there are no bananas!
Major Monogram: Yes, we have no bananas!
(Audience laughing)
Kelly Osbourne: Here's the song rolling in at number 9!

(Audience, Doofenshmirtz, and Major Monogram applauding)
Kelly Osbourne: This is going to be a fantastic countdown! Um, just one thing, guys. We seriously have to do something about your...fashion. It's just not working.
Major Monogram: Uh, really?
Kelly Osbourne: You look a bit, like, stiff and-and uniformy. Right, guys?
Major Monogram: Uniformy? Is that even a word?
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, "uniformy." If you look it up, there's a picture of you.
Kelly Osbourne: You're one to talk.
Doofenshmirtz: What?
Kelly Osbourne: I mean that whole laboratory look was never in, I mean, even if you are an "evil scientist". You should try a cape.
Doofenshmirtz: A cape? Where am I gonna get a cape at this hour?
Major Monogram: You could try a Nehru jacket.
Kelly Osbourne: Well, go and get changed then.
Doofenshmirtz: (leaving with Monogram) If I could get a Nehru jacket, I could get a cape.
Kelly Osbourne: (shakes head) Men. While my co-hosts go backstage and bring their fashions into this century, here's song 8.

(Audience and Kelly Osbourne applauding)
Kelly Osbourne: Okay, let's keep rocking and get rol—
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) Wa-wa-wait for us!
Major Monogram: Yeah, hold the boat.
(Doof and Monogram come back onstage dressed up like Kelly, right down to her purple hair.)
Doofenshmirtz: Mind you, this does not mean in any way, shape, or hair color, that I am your co-host. I-I'm just sayin'.
Kelly Osbourne: Wow! Now I know what I would look like if I had middle-aged male clones.
Major Monogram: Oh, I can't believe I let myself get talked into this. It's embarrassing and, if I'm being honest, a bit drafty.
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, just go with it, Francis. (to Kelly) Hey, l-look at this! Strike a pose! Look, look, look, I'm vo—
Kelly Osbourne: Vogueing?! I love vogueing! It's so '90's!
Major Monogram: I was a bit of a secret voguer myself.
Kelly Osbourne: Really?
Doofenshmirtz: It wasn't a secret.
Kelly Osbounre: You know what we should do then? Strike a pose.
(The audience cheers and claps while Osbourne, Doof and Monogram vogue it out.)
Doofenshmirtz: Vogue. Vogueing. That's it. Look it up, kids. That's what the internet is for.
Major Monogram: That was fun! Great idea, Kelly.
Kelly Osbourne: Thank you.
Doofenshmirtz: But, but, vogueing was my idea! I started to say "vogueing" and you just cut me off right before when I just got "vo" out. Y'know, I— (to Monogram) What did you think I was gonna say? Vociferous? What other words start with "vo"?
Major Monogram: Give it a rest, Heinz. (to Kelly) He's always like this.
Doofenshmirtz: That's it! That is it! You will rue the day that you demoted Heinz Doofenshmirtz to co-host! (he leaves)
(Audience groans)
Kelly Osbourne: Hmm. You know what that means?
Major Monogram: I think I do.
Kelly Osbourne: (singsongy) More hosting for us!
(Audience clapping and cheering)
Major Monogram: All right! Here's a little ditty I like to call "Song Number 7"!

(Audience applauds)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, little Miss Osbourne, (coming back onstage with an inator helmet on his head and a remote) prepare to say hello to your doom (Agent P appears on one of the rafters above the soundstage.) at the hands of—or, I guess in this case, in the head of—the man who is not your co-host! (Perry holds onto a rope with one hand and holds a mirror in the other.)
(Doof pushes the button. Kelly ducks. Perry swings from the rope and the ray hits the mirror and zaps Doof making him disappear.)
Kelly Osbourne: Wow. That was close.

(Cut to the Baby alien's dimension. Doof appears in the crib.)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait. Was that Perry the Platypus? Great. They're probably letting him host the show.

Doofenshmirtz (2nd Dimension): Do I know you?
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, I'm you from another dimension.
Doofenshmirtz (2nd Dimension): Well, that would explain the handsomeness.
Doofenshmirtz: Right back atcha, big guy.
Doofenshmirtz (2nd Dimension): Does that mean you and I are exactly alike?
Doofenshmirtz: I suppose so.

Doofenshmirtz (2nd Dimension): ♪ Do you want some rice pudding? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Blech, no, that's gross!
Doofenshmirtz (2nd Dimension): ♪ It was a test. Almond brittle? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Ooh, I love it the most! ♪
Doofenshmirtz (2nd Dimension): Me too!

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Do you collect coins? ♪
Doofenshmirtz (2nd Dimension): ♪ Yeah, just in case ♪
♪ Vending machines become the ♪
Both: ♪ Dominant race! ♪

♪ I've been alone all these years ♪
♪With my irrational fears ♪
Doofenshmirtz: But not the vending machine thing. That's gonna happen.
Doofenshmirtz (2nd Dimension): ♪ But now before me I see ♪
Both: ♪ Someone with whom I agree ♪
♪ I've found a brand new best friend and it's me ♪
♪ I've found a brand new best friend and it's me ♪

Doofenshmirtz (2nd Dimension): ♪ Hmm, I thought I'd be taller ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I've been told I slouch ♪
♪ I thought I've have both my eyes, y'know... ♪
Doofenshmirtz (2nd Dimension): It's in this pouch.
Doofenshmirtz: Ouch!

Doofenshmirtz: You know, I can't help but notice that your scar goes over your eyepatch.
Doofenshmirtz (2nd Dimension): Yeah...
Doofenshmirtz: ...Nothing...

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Do llamas weird you out? ♪
Doofenshmirtz (2nd Dimension): ♪ Yeah, are they camels or sheep? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: No, no, I meant Lorenzo.
Doofenshmirtz (2nd Dimension): Oh, that's right.
Both: ♪ He played Meap! ♪

♪ Now I know all about you ♪
♪ And you know all about me ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Ooh-wee-ooh ♪
Both: ♪ And now before me I see ♪
♪ Someone with whom I agree ♪
♪ I've found a brand new best friend and it's me ♪
♪ I've found a brand new best friend and it's me ♪

♪ Now that I've found you ♪
♪ We can be a duo ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ That's right. ♪
Both: ♪ Twice the evil ♪
♪ Double Doofenshmirtz ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Coming at you Fridays! ♪

Doofenshmirtz (2nd Dimension): What's that, are we doing a TV show together?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh no. It just sort of sounded like that. Well, I mean, we could. We should!
Doofenshmirtz (2nd Dimension): Hmm, maybe we're not so much alike
Doofenshmirtz: That can be your catchphrase! You're the grumpy one. (Pokes him) Eh?

Doofenshmirtz: (Chuckles while sweating) Who's up for charades?
(Perry beckons Doofenshmirtz from under the table)
Perry the Platypus, what are you doing down here?
(When he reemerges, he is wearing the Devolition-ator helmet, and making a beat with the records glued to his fingers. Perry is controlling him underneath the DJ table)
Vanessa: Dad?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, hi, Vanessa.
Vanessa: Dad, what are you doing?
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Well, I'll be honest, I don't really understand ♪
♪ But I fell down this hill now I got glue on my hands ♪
♪ And I got records on my fingers ♪
Teens: ♪ Whaaat? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Records on my fingers ♪
♪ I got records on my fingers and I just can't stop ♪
Teens: ♪ Don't stop ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I can't stop, I got a platypus controlling me ♪
Teens: ♪ Whaaat? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I got a platypus controlling me ♪
♪ Now let me sum it up ♪
♪ It was a strange set of circumstances ♪
Teens: ♪ Strange set of circumstances ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I fell down the hill, I got glue on my hands, ♪
♪ Now I got records on my fingers and I just can't stop ♪
Teens: ♪ Don't stop! Don't stop! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Well I would if I was able ♪
♪ There's a platypus controlling me, he's underneath the table ♪
Teens: ♪ There's a platypus controlling him- Whaaat? ♪
Teen: Oh I get it, platypus is a metaphor for whatever's keeping you down!
♪ Like corporations are a platypus ♪
Teens: ♪ The government's a platypus ♪
♪ Your teacher is a platypus ♪
Weird Teen: My teacher is a panda

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Just me ♪
Teens: ♪ We all got a platypus controlling us ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I'd stop if I was able ♪
Teens: ♪ We all got a platypus controlling us ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I'm not speaking metaphorically ♪
♪ the platypus controlling me is underneath the table ♪
Wait! Oh wait, no, he's gone! Hey!
♪ There's no platypus controlling me ♪
♪ There's no platypus controlling me! ♪

Johnny: (At Vanessa) Your dad's kinda cool.
Vanessa: You're my punk-rock boyfriend, you're not supposed to think my dad is cool! (She walks over to Doofenshmirtz) It only matters that I think he's cool. (Kisses him on the cheek)
Doofenshmirtz: She thinks I'm cool!
(Teens cheer)

(Audience applauds)
Kelly Osbourne: You know what'd be really cool? To write a song so next year the song can be on the countdown!
Major Monogram: Well, as a fellow musician, I heartily agree.
Kelly Osbourne: Oh, you're a musician?
Major Monogram: Well, yes. From, uh, from time to time, I like to strum the (speaks the Hawaiian pronunciation) ukulele.
(Doof suddenly reappears.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah!
(Audience exclaims)
Doofenshmirtz: Uhhhh, did I miss Maia Mitchell?
Kelly Osbourne: I'm afraid so.
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, bummer. Anyway, as a musician, not as a co-host, mind you, I'd like to get in on this little songwriting thing you're about to do.
Kelly Osbourne: What do you play?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, several things, by my instrument of choice is the kazoo.
Kelly Osbourne: You rock the kaz?
Doofenshmirtz: I do.
Kelly Osbourne: Fine! Let's start with the lyrics then. Maybe we can do some sort of a round robin kinda thing and write a line, and the next person can rhyme it.
Major Monogram: Oh, good idea. Ahem. Me first, me first. Uh, let's see. "When I wake up in the morning sun..."
Kelly Osbourne: "I realize you're the only one."
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, now it's me. All right. ♪ "And by the moon that's, oh, so silver." ♪
Kelly Osbourne: Dude, really?
Doofenshmirtz: What? What?
Kelly Osbourne: There's no rhyme for the word "silver".
Major Monogram: She's right.
Doofenshmirtz: No, no, look...eh...uh..."bilver" and, and, and there's (Kelly scoffs) What, what?
Kelly Osbourne: What is a bilver?
Doofenshmirtz: It's a...water moving thingy.
Major Monogram: I believe what you're thinking of is a bilge pump.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh. I've always called it a bilver. Okay, how about this? ♪ "And by the moon that's, oh, so orange." ♪
Major Monogram: Oy.
Doofenshmirtz: Is that better?
(Kelly rolls her eyes.)
Kelly Osbourne: See how I just rolled my eyes? (Audience laughs) Please roll clip number 2!

(Audience applauds)
Kelly Osbourne: Right, guys, before we roll our last clip, I have to know something. Do you have a favorite song on the countdown?
Major Monogram: Well, I'm, uh, I'm particularly partial to number three.
Doofenshmirtz: And I like number seven, that's my lucky number. (The background starts to ripple.) It all started when I was seven years old, back in Drusselstein—
Kelly Osbourne: W-W-Wait a minute. You're doing a flashback.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, yeah, it's kinda my thing. I do a lot of these (stammers)
Kelly Osbourne: Um, I'm sorry we can't fit that in.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, what if I make it short?
Kelly Osbourne: We still don't have time because...it's the moment we've all been waiting for! (audience claps and cheers) And I can't believe this, but you all picked my favorite song as the number one song! You guys have fabulous taste, I'm just saying. You guys ready? (audience claps and cheers) It's... Everything's Better with Perry!

(Audience clapping and cheering; Doofenshmirtz and Major Monogram clapping)
Kelly Osbourne: Well, this has been the most amazing day! And to quote my favorites, Phineas and Ferb, "The best day ever!"
(Audience clapping and cheering)
Major Monogram: I completely concur.
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, okay, I've been reconsidering and I'm going to give in. I'm totally gonna be your co-host.
Kelly Osbourne: That's great. But—
Doofenshmirtz: So what are my co-hosting duties? What's next on the old co-hosting train I jumped aboard? What do I do?
Kelly Osbourne: Say goodbye, Dr. D.
Doofenshmirtz: That's it? Goodbye, Dr. D.
Major Monogram: Goodbye.
Kelly Osbourne: Thank you so much, everybody, that was so much fun. I'm gonna be singing these songs all day. See ya next time!
(Audience clapping and cheering; Kelly, Doofenshmirtz, and Major Monogram wave goodbye. The credits roll over a montage of clips from all the songs shown.)

Doofelations Season 4:191 | Knot My Problem

(Cut to Perry somewhere around the house. He puts on his fedora and expects something to happen. Nothing happens. So he shrugs and gets a shovel labeled "Analog Lair Entrance". He begins digging down to his lair. Cut to the lair. Some dirt falls from above into Agent P's chair and Agent P follows.)
Major Monogram: Morning, Agent P! Seems that Dr. Doofenshmirtz has been hitting every all-you-can-eat buffet in town, which can't be good! If anything were to happen to Doofenshmirtz, we would have to make some drastic cuts over here! (looking aside) Especially in the non-essential personnel department. (Perry starts to vacuum all the dirt off the chair.) Good luck, Agent P. Oh, don't worry about the mess, uh, Carl will take care of it.
Carl: (off screen) I guess that makes me essential, huh?!
Major Monogram: Don't get cocky, Carl.

(Cut to Perry walking into a restaurant called Jerry's All You Can Eat. He kicks open the door.)
Doofenshmirtz: Over here, Perry the Platypus. (Cut to Doofenshmirtz at a table with a Dagwood sandwich on it and a high chair sitting next to him.) I'm just having a little lunch. Why don't you pull up a chair and join me? (He sits in the chair and, of course, gets trapped.) Whadaya think? Pretty clever, right? It's my new high chair trap! I thought of a high chair cuz you're just a little guy. Arencha? Yes you are you're just a lil' guy. (Perry chatters angrily.) Hey, you're not getting outta this so why don't you enjoy the food. (Doofenshmritz force feeds Perry part of the sandwich.) It's All-You-Can-Eat, you know. (stops) Uh, ih, you're good? (Perry nods.) You're already full, right? Me, too. I barely touched my plate. That's how these all-you-can-eat places make their money. They charge you like you're gonna eat a week's worth, but then, when you fill up after, like, two plates, they-they've really made a profit. That's why I'm opening up my own All-You-Can-Eat Drusselsteinian buffet! (Shows him a video on a smartphone) Look. I've already made a commercial for it.

(Song: "Kronk for Hire" (instrumental))
(Cut to the ad)
Doofenshmirtz: All You Can Eat Drusselsteinian Buffet! It's food the way your mother never made! We've got Hassenfloffer Entrail Waterzooi, with Gopher Gut Au Gratin! Fuzzy Fungus Flugelbrotchen! And an assortment of tripe-based desserts! And those brave enough can try our new Mystery Lump! Remember, "Doof" spelled backwards is "fooD"!

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz at the buffet.)
Doofenshmirtz: Y'know, come to think of it, it really should be called "the All You Can Stand", because Drusselsteinian food is terrible! That's the beauty of it. Nobody will be able to finish even one plate's worth! My profit margin will be HUGE! But, first, I've got to eliminate the competition, with this, (Takes out an inator) the Eat-It-All-Inator! You see, it gives people a huge appetite and everyone will eat so much that all of these All You Can Eat places will go out of business! Then my restaurant will be packed! (Maniacal laughter) Maniacal laughter!

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz and Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: Now, just watch what happens when I zap those people over there. (Perry jumps in his high chair causing Doofenshmirtz to fire off his inator. The ray bounces off a sneeze guard, off a lamp and hits Doofenshmirtz.) Huh? What happened? How could I miss? Oh, I'm so hungry all of a sudden! (He munches his way through the Dagwood sandwich on his plate finishing it whole.) Oh, that was great! I...I can cut out the middleman and do all the eating myself! (gets up) I'm going down for seconds. (He digs into the entire buffet. The man who was about to get his helping opens up a bag of chips. Cut to Doofenshmirtz eating other people's plates.)
Man: How can you eat like that and stay so thin?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, I built an All-You-Can-Eat-inator that speeds up your metabolism so you don't gain any weight no matter how much you eat ever.
Man: You should mass-produce that machine! Everyone would buy one! Well, you'd be a millionaire!
Doofenshmirtz: Pfft, don't worry about me making money, mister! I've-I've got a complicated plan. I—Like I'm gonna take advice from some guy in a diner.
(Perry bounces in his high chair out of the diner.)

(Cut to outside Moe's All You Can Eat. Perry bounces his way in.)
♪ Doo bee doo bee doo bah doo ♪
(Cut to inside. Doofenshmirtz is stuffing his face.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha! You're too late, Perry the Platypus! Buffet number two is history! I am starting to feel a little full though. Hmm, I thought it would last more than a few minutes. Better give myself a little boost. (Zaps himself) That's more like it! Wow, I am so hungry, I could eat everything at Buffet Number Three, baby! Yeah! (Perry bounces) Oh, give up, Perry the Platypus, those chairs are— (Perry throws himself and the chair at Doofenshmirtz. He falls over backwards as the chair smashes into pieces. The inator falls down and disappears.) Huh? Oh, man, I swallowed my inator. Oh, well, at least you can't destroy it now, because it's inside my stomach. So, today, I win! (Perry punches Doofenshmirtz's stomach and the inator zaps from inside his mouth. Doofenshmirtz feels his stomach.) Okay, you broke it. I can feel all the little pieces just rumbling around in there.

Doofelations Season 4:192 | Just Desserts

(Perry jumps into his water bowl, and enters his lair)
Major Monogram: Ah, Agent P. we're getting reports that there is a distinct smell of confectioner sugar, and icing coming form Doofenshmirtz's building. He must be up to something evil and sweet. Sweet and evil. "Sweevil" if you will. Go and stop him.
♪ Perry! ♪

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Why if it isn't Perry the Platypus. And when I say "isn't" I mean "is". I know you're into martial arts. But I prefer the confectionery arts myself. (A gingerbread house falls on Perry) Gingerbread house trap. (Peeking through a window in the house)

Doofenshmirtz: Hey it looks a lot bigger on the inside than it does on the outside. Here, have some cozy gumdrop slippers. Hehehe. Now where was I? Oh yeah. I think I know why I'm having a hard time taking over the Tri-State Area It's because of dinner parties. Follow me, it goes somewhere. You see my brother Roger is a success, because of his amazing dinner parties, where he dazzles important guests, with his magnetic charm. But what if he were unable to charm anyone, because his fabulous dinner parties were over, before they began!? That's why I created this: the Bring-out-the-Dessert-inator! You see everyone knows that once the dessert comes out, the party's over. T-That's what's called a social cue. This rocket will go into a Rogercentric orbit around his house. At the wrong moment it will shoot a blast which will make Roger bring out the dessert. Ending his dinner party before it can begin. He'll lose his charming edge, and people will lose interest, in him. Bing-Bang-Boom. They'll stop voting for him, and that's when I'll slink in and takeove—You know, I know I'm grasping at straws here, and ugh. I'll probably end up grasping a bendy-straw, and fall on my face, requiring months of rehab to learn how to monologue, all over again (Perry throws one of the gumdrop shoes at the Bring-out-the-Dessert-inator, hitting Doofenshmirtz with the ray) and off to empowerment camp, where I'll have to fall backwards—Who want's desserts? (Doofenshmirtz goes off and grabs a few desserts) I made this lovely tiramisu. Heeey... It works! Oh you think you're very funny Perry the Platypus, blasting me with my own Bring-out-the-Dessert-inator. (Perry throws his other shoe at the -inator) Oh-ho-ho. I hope you left some room! I made a yummy double layered pumpkin cheesecake it has creamy—Oh! You got me again. Well you made me bring it to you, so you're going to eat it. (Doofenshmirtz shoves a dessert at Perry, who bites Doofenshmirtz's hand) Ow! (Perry's cage breaks, but the -inator zaps him) Haha. Now it's your turn to bring out the-- (Perry leaps toward Doofenshmirtz, and he smashes the tiramisu into his mouth, sending them both flying back into the kitchen)

(Song: "Weaponry" (instrumental))
Doofenshmirtz: How about a banana split? (He shove a banana split down Perry's bill) Haha! Finally got your just desserts. What are you doing with that pound cake? I was saving that for company! (Perry forces Doofenshmirtz to eat the entire pound cake) Oh! Oh wow! Perry the Platypus, I'm getting such a sugar rush! How 'bout you? (Perry is shown to be having a sugar rush as well)

Doofenshmirtz: Can you do this, Perry the Platypus? Can you jump really fast, up and down, up and down, up and down, up and down? Yeah, that's it, Perry the Platypus! Doesn't it feel good? Let's be jumping buddies. Let's just eat dessert and jump up and down and up and down and up and down all day. It'll be our thing. Just remember: I-I invented this. Because I am the inventor.

Doofenshmirtz: Jump. Jump. Jump. Jump. Jump. Jump. Jump. Jump. Jump. Jump. (Doofenshmirtz collapses) Aww. Oh, sugar crash. (The -inator starts beeping) Oh! The Bring-out-the-Dessert-inator it must be almost time for Roger's dinner party to begin. (Doofenshmirtz sees Perry on the floor) Haha! Sugar crash! (The -inator launches) There she goes! And you can't do anything about it, because you're on a sugar crash. (Perry takes a plate of food out from under his hat.) Wait! Wait, what is that? Protein, and carbohydrates? No, well don't eat that! (Perry does so anyway) No! (Perry chases after the -inator on his jetpack) Okay, but, but let's do that jumping thing again sometime.
(The -inator fires)

(Perry lands on the -inator)
Doofenshmirtz: Welcome Perry the Platypus. What took you so long? I'm speaking to you through this amplifier right next to the self-destruct button. The rocket will soon be in orbit around my brother's house, ready for the next dinner party. And you can ride that rocket until your tail falls off, I don't care. Or until you find the self-destruct button which is right next to (Perry presses the button) Aw, dang it! Curse you Perry the Plat-- (The -inator explodes) ...typus.

Doofelations Season 4:193 | La Candace-Cabra

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated, there is a biplane sitting atop a ramp Doofenshmirtz has built)

Doofenshmirtz: Well, hello, Perry the Platypus. You like the new Bi-plane? Pretty sweet huh? Uh, I got it off the internet. (Perry gets trapped under a hair drying machine) Don't worry about your hat; the heat is really good for the felt. Look what I invented... (pours a tonic on a mannequin which regrows its hair he chopped off) It grows your hair back. Got it in all the stores, but it's not selling it like I thought of it. That is why it got a catchy name: Get Back Hair.

Doofenshmirtz: It should be flying off the shelves. I-I just don't get it. Anyway that is about to change. Behold, the Switch-Place-inator. Wha- Why do you look so unimpressed? I'll explain. I simply fly over town in my biplane, Ride off! And I look for someone with a receding airline, standing next to someone with a full head of hair. I fire, and presto! The hair switches places. The person who was formally hairline challenged, is thrilled, and the other guy is- well he's gonna spend a lot of money to get his hair back. Thus, Get Back Hair!

Doofenshmirtz: Here, I'll show you how it works. Okay, Perry the Platypus, how would you like to trade places with a hungry, man eating shark? (Doofenshmirtz zaps the two with the -inator, causing the shark to flail on the floor, while Perry swims gingerly in the shark's former tank) Oh yeah, you're semi-aquatic. Well, I've got some other tricks up my sleeve. Like switching places with a- (The shark, flails around, and manages to bite Doofenshmirtz's upper body) Ow, aw man, I did not see that coming. (Doofenshmirtz throws the shark off him) Okay Señor pantalones inteligente, that's, Mr. Smarty Pants... Spanish. (He fires his -inator switching the places of a lightbulb, and the tank. The tank flips and falls, trapping Perry under it) "Tanks" for playing Perry the Platypus. See ya' around.

Doofenshmirtz: (Flying in his biplane) Now to go make my millions with my trusty Switch-Place-inator! Where is it? (He sees Perry has it, and Perry shoots himself and a bird, switching their places, and making Perry fall into Doofenshmirtz's plane) Perry the Platypus, you didn't by any chance hand it over, it belongs to me. Give it, give it. (They begin fighting and doing other things on top of the wing, such as fishing) This is what I call "fly fishing" (or teaching Perry to ride a bike) Haha! Yes! Yes! Attaboy! (Throwing Perry a party) Make a wish. (Perry blows out the candles) What'd you wish for (Perry resumes beating up Doofenshmirtz) Really, that's what you wished for?

(On Doofenshmirtz's bi-plane)
Doofenshmirtz: You know I've had it with you, Perry the Platypus. You never, never let me have a -- (Perry pulls Doofenshmirtz's parachute, sending him flying off the plane) AAAAAAHHHHH CURSE YOU, PERRY THE PLATYPUS!
(Perry's watch beeps)
Major Monogram: Agent P, we've just heard that our New Mexico operative, Agent CH, has had his cover compromised. We have the coordinates of his location, and you are the closest agent. Get to it.
Carl: (offscreen) Keep writing sir.
(Major Monogram returns to writing "Animals are people too" on a chalkboard. Perry starts driving the plane)

(Scene shifts to the driveway, Linda pulls up)
Candace: Ee-ee-ee-ee...ee-ee-ee-ee...Mom, you won't believe this.
Linda: Now, Candace, why would you ever give me reason not to believe you?
Candace: What if I told you, that Phineas and Ferb captured an actual Chupacabra?
Linda: Well, that would test my suspension of disbelief.
(Above them, Perry flies by and zaps something in the backyard and the Chupacabra with Doofenshmirtz's Switch-Place-inator. Neither of them notice)
Candace: Well, disbelieve no more, 'cause I've got it right here! And it's not going anywhere.
Linda: (flatly) ...Rrright.
Candace: Oh, ye of excessive sarcasm, (She opens the crate) I present to you...the elusive, Chupacabra!
(Buford comes out of the crate)
Linda: (amusedly) I don't believe it.
Buford: Hey! How did I get into that crate?!
Linda: Well, I'm at least glad to see you kids are going to finish up my leftover biryani.
Buford: Yes, ma'am.
Candace: But...but, but, but...

Doofelations Season 4:194 | Happy Birthday, Isabella

(In Perry's lair everything is dark except for the Major Monogram on the screen.)
Major Monogram: Agent P.? (The lights flicker on) Ah, there you are. What do you think of the new motion sensor lights we've installed in your lair. (The lights go off again) Um... Agent P. try flailing your arms about that should- (Agent P. does so and the lights turn on) There we go! Now, Doofenshmirtz has been driving around town in some sort of truck that turns inanimate objects, like parking meters, into bugs. Eww. I want you to-- (The lights go off in where Major Monogram is) Really? Carl, I'm waving my arms, why aren't the lights coming back on?
(Carl laughs evilly)
Major Monogram: That's not funny, Carl.

(Perry chases after Doofenshmirtz's trucks, and uses a wooden ramp he packed, he launches himself on top of the truck)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the platypus? It's no use trying to break through my protective bubble. It's platyproof-poof. I mean, oh you know what I mean. Anyway, you're probably wondering what I'm doing, driving this evil bug bus around town. I just got to thinking about all the things that bug me. Portable outhouses, high voltage signs. "Danger High Voltage". I'll decide how much voltage I can take! That's why I created the Bugs-me-inator. It turns whatever bugs me into bugs. And, since I can't stand bugs, I'm protected from them inside this bubble. (Perry points to a bug inside Doofenshmirtz's bubble) Huh? Oh, that's on the outs-- Ow! Get it off! Get it off! Get it off! Get it off! (Doofenshmirtz open the bubble to let the bugs out) Wait I'm not ready! (Perry punches him, causing him to spin around his bubble) Whoa, whoa whoa. Right to the point huh? You know Perry the Platypus, more than anything, you bug me. (He fires the -inator at Perry, who dodges it, making the beam, instead, hit one of Doofenshmirtz's shoes) Ah! My shoe! Ow Get off! Get off! Get off! Ow! (Doofenshmirtz launches himself at Perry, but Perry redirects him back into his bubble, spinning him again.) Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Boy I really got to rethink the design on this thing. By the way, you know we're on a runaway bus careening at high speed with no one at the wheel, right?

Stacy: (To the movie) Don't go in there. Don't go in there. Don't go in there. Don't go in there. He went in there. Oh, gross she brought thousands of tiny bugs into the house. What could be worse than that? (Doofenshmirtz's bus crashes into Stacy's house) Big bug! Ahhh! (Stacy hides behind the couch) OMG! Perry! What are you doing here?! And why are you wearing a hat? Look out! (Doofenshmirtz flies onto the couch) And who's this pharmacist?
Doofenshmirtz: Really? Really? W-why does everyone just stampede to that conclusion? Other people wear lab coats you know. Why, why don't you say, "Oh look a rocket scientist." Or a veterinarian?
Stacy: Are you a veterinarian?
Doofenshmirtz: No... But that's not the point.

Stacy: Is this where you go every day Perry?
Doofenshmirtz: (While fighting Perry) Oh yeah, pretty much. I create -inators, and he breaks in and thwarts my scheme, and it's, it's kinda our thing. (Perry knocks Doofenshmirtz to the ground) Ooh! The Grievance! I saw this in theaters. I still have nightmares about the greasy little girl who comes out of the base--
Stacy: (Still behind the couch) No! Don't tell me how it ends!

Stacy: Alright, look. You're getting oil all over the place. Someone's going to have to-- (Stacy trips, and falls in the pool of oil.)
Doofenshmirtz: No! It's the greasy Grievance girl from the basement! No! No! What have I done? Why do you have a grievance against me? (Doofenshmirtz screams, and jumps out the window)
Stacy: (Fixing her hair) Whoa. What was that all about? Do the Flynn Fletchers know you fight evil scientists? (Stacy accidentally steps on the remote firing the -inator, and Perry whacks it with a bat, destroying it. The -inator beam bounces off a satellite and heads back towards Earth.)

Doofelations Season 4:195 | Love at First Byte

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Ok Norm, you ready to head out to the block party?
Norm: I'm not going.
Doofenshmirtz: Don't tell me you're still bummed out about not having a date.
Norm: Yes, yes I am.
Doofenshmirtz: Quit your whining. Just go stag like me.
Norm: You mean dress up like a wild forest creature with antlers?
Doofenshmirtz: Ah... not quite. I tried that and it did not go well.
(Doofenshmirtz flashes back where he is in a deer costume, and tied to a car)
Doofenshmirtz: H-hello? I think I may have come to the wrong address.
(End flashback)
Doofenshimrtz: Come on Norm. You might meet a nice popcorn machine or a blender or something.
Norm: You had me at popcorn machine.

(Perry bounces off the tops of port-a-potties)
Occupant 1: Occupied!
Occupant 2: Occupied!
Occupant 3: ¡Ocupado!
Occupant 4: Oui, oui!
(Perry lands behind a booth and takes out binoculars to spy on Doofenshmirtz and Norm)
Doofenshmirtz: (to Norm) Okay, you see that cute popcorn machine over there? You just gotta walk up to her and say something smooth. Do you remember your opening line?
Norm: You've got a pretty hot oil pan.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh yeah, you got game now. (a man with a cotton candy machine stops next to the popcorn machine) Now, see someone else is making a move. You snooze, you lose, Norm.
Norm: I guess I'll just have to get used to being alo-(Norm spots a beautiful girl robot, and angelic music plays) oOONE.
Doofenshmirtz: Norm are you ok?
Norm: My inner circuitry seems to be overloading.
Doofenshmirtz: Aww man. I left the electrical tape in my other labcoat. (He notices what Norm is looking at) Oh now I get it. Y-y-you've got a thing for that girl robot. Ah, she's not bad. I think you got a chance with her if you play your cards right.
Norm: What do I say? I do not believe she has an oil pan to complement.
Doofenshmirtz: Just introduce yourself and, you know, ask her what her sign is. And then run the other way if she says Sagittarius.
Norm: Thank you, sir!
Doofenshmirtz: Go get her, Norm.
(Norm walks over to the female robot.)
Norm: Hi, I'm Norm. What is your sign?
Female Robot: Hi, I am Chloe. I am a Pisces.
(Norm looks around awkwardly and then walks back towards Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Well?
Norm: You did not tell me what to do if she is a Pisces.
Doofenshmirtz: In my experience you get married, and then subsequently divorced but we don't have time for that. We gotta get you rolling.

Doofenshmirtz: So are we clear Norm?
Norm: Talk about her interests, and try to find something in common.
Doofenshmirtz: Right, but don't be too obvious. Women like it when you challenge them, and act all superior.
Norm: That does not seem logical.
Doofenshmirtz: We are talking about women here, right? Okay, now remember, don't forget to stay cool.
Norm: No problem, my compressor is from a refrigeration unit.
Doofenshmirtz: What are you telling me for? I'm the guy who installed it.

(Perry's wrist communicator beeps)
Major Monogram: Ah, Agent P. just checking in to see if you noticed any evil activity from Doofenshmirtz, (Perry looks up to Major Monogram is standing right there, with Carl holding up a backboard) there's a-- Monogram out. (He walks away)
Carl, why didn't you tell me he was sitting right there?

Norm: Hello Chloe.
Chloe: Hello Norm.
Norm: So, what's your prime directive?
Chloe: My core competency is dancing.
Norm: What a coincidence! My core competency is being superior, and challenging those whose core competency is dancing.
Chloe: We shall see about that. I accept your challenge. See you an the dance floor.
Norm: See you there. Right after I defrost, because I am so cool. (He walls over to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Well?
Norm: She wants to dance with me, but now I am nervous.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, go on now. You just got to get out of your own head.
Norm: How do I get out of my own head?
Doofenshmirtz: Just get out there on the dance floor, and strut your stuff Normy-G.
Norm: Commencing stuff strutting.

(Norm's head launches off his body, and crashes into the P.H.L.A.S.E.R. launching it into space)
Phineas: Looks like the finale is ahead of schedule, glasses everyone!
Isabella: Already on it.
(Isabella and the Fireside Girls put safety glasses on the party guests)
Norm: Everyone looks smaller than the usually do from up here. And that is already pretty small, because I am so tall.
(The grand finale begins bathing everybody in light)
Candace: Whatever.
Linda: Ooh, I've got to go and thank the boys.
(Norm's head lands back on his body albeit upside down)
Chloe: Oh, Norm, your performance exceeded my previous computations.
Norm: I had to get out of my own head.
Lawrence: Well, what a phenomenal finale to our finale. Congratulations and cued us to our two winners. And there wasn't even a contest.
Doofenshmirtz: Wow, you were smooth-tastic. Are you going to introduce me to your new girl?
Norm: Why yes, of course. This is--
Rodney: Chloe, what are you doing?
Doofenshmirtz: Rodney. Wait, wait, this is your robot?
Rodney: Come Chloe. Let's get you away from this, rusted Romeo.
(Chloe and Rodney walk away)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh yeah? Well I, I'm too flustered to come up with an insult, so I'll call you later, and give it to you then. Come on Norm.
Norm: Goodbye Chloe. "Parting is such sweet sorrow."
Chloe: That is a reference from Romeo and Juliet, so I shall say "goodnight 'til it be morrow."
Doofenshmirtz: See you don't need her Norm, she's a know it all. Ugh, ooh, look, corndogs!

Doofelations Season 4:196 | One Good Turn

(Cut to Agent P falling into a secluded area. He uses a rod to divine the OWCA location on a scale model of Danville, accidentally setting it on fire, and exits but not before extinguishing the fire. He drops into a hole and falls into his lair.)
Major Monogram: Morning, Agent P. There are pretty suspicious goings-on...going on at the Doofenshmirtz building. We have reports that the building has been rotating all morning, so either he's got something evil up his sleeve, or he's turning it into an expensive romantic restaurant with an impressive view...in which case, I would like a reservation for 6:00 pm. Either way, I'm gonna need you to get over there. (Perry leaves. Monogram looks aside.) Okay, he's gone. One, a-two, a-one-two-three. (Puts on a Major-General's hat and several agents appear and he sings to the tune of "The Major-General's Song" from The Pirates of Penzance.)
♪ I am the very model of a modern Major Monogram ♪
♪ I've information vegetable and animal and hologram ♪

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc. A taxi drops off Perry as he watches it rotate. He walks into the revolving door. The building rotates again. A pizza guy runs into the building and bumps into the side. Perry comes out of the elevator and sees the building rotate again in confusion. He knocks on Doof's door.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hmm, I wonder who that could be. (opens the door and gasps) Perry the Platypus? Well, come on in. Wipe your feet if you don't mind. I just mopped the floor. (Perry steps onto the welcome mat, which traps him.) Ha ha! Gotcha! That's what you get for having manners! Hee hee hee! Now, I bet you're wondering why my building has been turning 90 degrees every now and then. Well, that's because I was just testing out my 90-Degree-Turn-inator!! Eh, you like it? Y'know, it turns things. But only 90 degrees at a time. You see, back in Drusselste—y'know what? Just watch this documentary.

Doofenshmirtz: And the Stumblegimp Humiliating Dance of Contrition is just as much a tradition now as it was in the '40s...when this newsreel was made about the 1600s. You see, Perry the Platypus, my brother, the Mayor's gonna meet the present day Mayor of Stumblegimp. And I plan to zap Roger with my 90-Degree-Turn-inator. It will turn him 90 degrees, which will insult Mayor...uh...Whatshisname. Something with waffles. He'll have to sing that whole song, and when the people of Danville see him eat a featherbed or put a donut in his pants, he'll be forced to step down as mayor and I will step into his place, 100% donut-pant-free! Unless, you know, something like last week happens again.

(Cut back to D.E.I. where Doof is rolling his inator on the balcony.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, yes! The horse-drawn coach has arrived and Mayor...Wafflesomething is walking up to Roger.
(Cut to City Hall where Roger is greeting his visitor.)
Roger: Heheh, Mayor Chickenen, it is so good to finally meet you.
Doofenshmirtz: Chicken and waffles! That's why I had "waffles" stuck in my head. That was it. (walks up to the inator) And...now! (fires the inator)
Roger: (holding out his hand) It is indeed a rare pleasure to— (He gets zapped and rotates 90 degrees east.)
Mayor Chickenen: Huh? What is the meaning of this? I will have to declare war now!
Roger: Maybe not. Pstt!
Melanie: What happened?
Roger: Get the Dance of Contrition team out here pronto!
(Melanie whistles.)
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, baby! It worked! And now for the humiliatioooonnnn!

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz seemingly holding up a pair of binoculars.)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, th-th-th-that's not the Stumblegimp Humiliating Dance of Contrition! (he lowers his hands to reveal there's nothing in them and sighs) One day, I gotta ask Norm what he did with my binoculars.

(Cut back to City Hall.)
Mayor Chickenen: Wonderful! The new improved Dance of Contrition always makes me want to shake a leg!
Roger: Fantastic.
(Doof runs down in between them.)
Doofenshmirtz: Whoa whoa whoa! That was not nearly humiliating enough! Where was the part about bowing and pulling your shirt up over your face and juggling piglets? Where were the piglets?!
Mayor Chickenen: Oh, we haven't done that since the '40s when we made that newsreel about the 1600s. Things have changed. (He hums and dances.)
Doofenshmirtz: So what's your point?

(Cut back to City Hall where Doofenshmirtz gets zapped and turns 90 degrees east.)
Mayor Chickenen: Oh, how rude! (Takes off his shoe and sock and slaps the sock onto Doofenshmirtz.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, give it a rest! (grunts) I must've left it in random fire mode.

Doofelations Special:197 | Phineas and Ferb: Mission Marvel

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪

(Inside the building Agent P is already trapped.)
Doofenshmirtz: Struggle all you want, Perry the Platypus, you're not getting out of that! It's hydraulic! I don't know if you're aware of this, but my brother, Roger, is the mayor. (Perry just gives him a look indicating that he was, in fact, aware of it.) Alright, I may have touched upon the subject from time to time, but, y'know, I figured why not mention it again just for clarity? Anyway, that job gives him all these cool mayoral powers. So I created the Power-Drain-inator to drain all his powers into this canister, and then I, Heinz Doofenshmirtz, get to wield them! Just think, I will have the power to raise taxes, pass legislation and even cut the ceremonial ribbon at openings! Where I'll finally be able to use (He produces a pair of giant scissors from behind his back) these! You like them? I-I got 'em at a garage sale. (He leans the scissors onto a hydraulic pump, which leaks and releasing Perry from his trap.) Ah, see? Th-th-that's one of those hydraulic lines that, uh, goes to your— (Perry flings himself at Doofenshmirtz, who falls backwards, and then takes the inator, smashing it to pieces.) (grunts) Aw, come on!!! One kick and you destroy my inator? Right? W-W-And what? You're just gonna thwart and run? I thought this was going to be a special extended episode! Curse you, Perry the Platypus! (A piece of the broken inator zaps up to the sky.) Aaah! Uh-oh.

(Norm is busy vacuuming up the debris from Doofenshmirtz's inator)
Doofenshmirtz: Make sure you get all these little pieces over here, too. No no, y-you're missing the big one.
Norm: Okey-dokey!
Doofenshmirtz: Y'know, Norm, the Power-Drain-inator did get one shot off before it died. I wonder if it hit anything.
Gordon Gutsofanemu: (on television) Dateline: New York City. A mysterious ray has drained the power from four of our beloved superheroes. We now return you to Horse in a Bookcase, already in progress.
Doofenshmirtz: That was me! Th-Th-That was me! I drained the power from those superheroes! Winning! Ooh, ooh, I should update my evil blog on the L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N. site! (sits down at the computer and types) OMG!! I drained all the powers from a group of superheroes in New York, and those powers belong to me now! Happy Emoticon (Typed out as >:D >:D >:D) And send! Norm, let's get the powers out of the canister so I can start wielding them! I-I can't wait to fly and run fast and carry a big hammer around for no reason!
Norm: Uh, sir, I hate to be the bearer of empty canisters, but this canister is empty.
Doofenshmirtz: What?! So I don't have the powers?
Norm: Time to blog a retraction, I guess.
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, y'know, I'm not gonna change it. Everyone exaggerates on the Internet.

(Cut to Red Skull's castle. Red Skull was watching the footage of the green energy beam hitting the Marvel Heroes and draining their powers.)
Red Skull: There vas a slight miscalculation. It becomes clearer upon seeing zis footage.
Whiplash: That is more than a slight miscalculation, Red Skull. It's a major mistake!
Venom: We could have destroyed the heroes once and for all!
Red Skull: Enough! It doesn't change ze fact zat ze heroes are now powerless!
Whiplash: Well, what could have happened to their powers?
Red Skull: M.O.D.O.K.?
M.O.D.O.K.: I, M.O.D.O.K., the perfect combination of human intellect and machine, have interfaced with all of the digital information stored on the vast network, the World Wide Web!
Whiplash: I can do the same thing with my phone. Plus I got free roaming!
Venom: Nice!
M.O.D.O.K.: As I was saying, I have found some puny inferior human known as Doofenshmirtz claiming that he has drained the heroes of all their superpowers.
Red Skull: Hmm, Doofenshmirtz. Zat sounds Drusselshteinian. I have a cousin who married a Drusselshteinian. She is dead to me!! So, who is zis Doofenshmirtz?
M.O.D.O.K.: I'm projecting his image now.
(Doof's image appears.)
Red Skull: He is beautifully grotesque.
Whiplash: All hideous and deformed.
Venom: He must have some backstory.
Red Skull: Vere can we find zis sideshow freak?
M.O.D.O.K.: (showing an image of D.E.I.) He's in the Tri-State Area, Danville to be precise!
Red Skull: Danville, eh? Gentlemen, it looks like we're going on an evil road trip.
M.O.D.O.K.: Ooh, shotgun!
Red Skull: YOU DO NOT FIT IN ZE SHOTGUN POSITION!!!!

(Cut back to D.E.I. A huge vehicle lowers onto the balcony. The supervillains exit from the door. Venom hisses. Cut to his foot to reveal that he stepped into a Perry the Platypus trapped. He gets his foot out of it.)
Computer: Platypus trap engaged.
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platyp—You're not Perry the Platypus! Who are you guys?
Red Skull: Zis is Vhiplash, zis is Venom, and I am Red Skull.
Doofenshmirtz: Yes. Yes, you are. Y'know, you really should use sunblock. Y-You're burned down to the bone.
M.O.D.O.K.: I am M.O.D.O.K., and you are the one they call "Doofenshmirtz".
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, yeah. That's what they sing at the end of the birthday song...Ah, well, y'know, at least they...would have if...anybody ever sang....that song to me. Anyway...Hey, the floating head and little arms thing. I-I tried that back in the '90s.

(Cutaway to Doofenshmirtz as a floating head with little arms.)
Doofenshmirtz: I'll rule the Tri-State Areaaaa! (bumps into a wall)
(End cutaway.)

Doofenshmirtz: I could never maneuver out the front door, but I see you're pretty mobile. W-What are you guys doing here?
Red Skull: Shos your davices, Doofenshmirtz!
Doofenshmirtz: "Shess-so-davices?" I-Is that Latin?
Red Skull: Show us your devices.
Doofenshmirtz: I-I-I-I-I'm still not gettin' it. Anyone?
Whiplash: I have no idea.
Red Skull: (grunts) Show...us...your...devices!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, you want to see my inators! Man...Man, you've got quite an accent there! Alright, (walks up to an inator) here's what I'm workin' on now. Behold, the Slothinator! It will give me the powers of a sloth...which are super-slowness and super-leaf-eating.
Red Skull: (to M.O.D.O.K.) Are you sure zis is ze right guy?
M.O.D.O.K.: M.O.D.O.K. is infallible!
Red Skull: Then he must be toying with us. Playing us for fools! He is even more diabolical than we thought!
Doofenshmirtz: (holding up a branch) Seriously, I'll be able to eat this whole branch, but...y'know, like, slowly.

(Cut to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Welcome to my Hall of Inators. Ah, here's a good one. This is my Oatmeal-to-Porridge-inator. I know. It's a fine distinction. Don't get me started. And here's my Multi-Helio-Tactical-Baboon-Glom-inator. I-I-I think that one is self-explanatory. Oh, and, uh, here's my Waffle-inator, and the Junk-Mail-inator...
Red Skull: I do not understand. Zees machines are useless. What is wrong wis zis man?
Whiplash: Maybe he is a misunderstood genius.
Red Skull: Or maybe he is a perfectly understood idiot.
Doofenshmirtz: And, finally, my Disintegrator-inator. Pretty impressive, huh?
Red Skull: Vere is ze machine zat took away the powers of the heroes?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, my Power-Drain-inator! Ooh, that was a cool one! And it was...destroyed by my nemesis, Perry the Platypus. You just missed him.
Red Skull: Perry ze Platypus? Is he a super-soldier platypus?
Doofenshmirtz: No.
Venom: Was he bitten by a radioactive platypus?
Doofenshmirtz: No, he's, uh, just a regular crime-fighting platypus.
Red Skull: It is no matter! You will rebuild ze machine!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, so we're workin' together now! Great! I'll be the leader! I've always wanted an evil entourage.
Whiplash: Let's destroy him.
Red Skull: Nein. Let him think he is in charge. Ven he has exceeded his usefulness, ve vill give him to M.O.D.O.K. to destroy.
Whiplash: Hey, where is M.O.D.O.K.?
(Cut to reveal M.O.D.O.K. stuck behind the door.)
M.O.D.O.K.: D'oh! Curse you, Danville, town of small doors!
Doofenshmirtz: Listen, before I rebuild the machine, I've got some errands to run. You guys should come with. (Red Skull hisses) Is your head gonna burst into flames or am I thinking of somebody else?

(Cut to around Danville. Doofenshmirtz and the villains go around town to baroque pop music, such as jaywalking.)
(Song: "My Evil Buddies and Me")
♪ Steppin' out with my brand new crew, ♪
♪ Nobody's gonna tell us what we can't do ♪
♪ Or where we can go, or what we can see ♪
♪ In this town everyone will listen to me. ♪

(Cut to the Googolplex Mall. The villains go down the down escalator while Doofenshmirtz goes down the up escalator.)
Doofenshmirtz: Woo! Oh, boy, that was great! Hey, I've got an idea, let's go get some ice cream and spoil our dinner! I mean, who's gonna tell us no?
Whiplash: That's it! I've had it! We're wasting our time! (takes out his whips and whips a Ducky Momo kiosk) We need to bring the heroes to us!
(The kiosk smashes to pieces leaving several patrons to run for cover.)
Kiosk Girl: Well...

(Cut to the Googolplex Mall, where the villains are causing all sorts of terror.)
Red Skull: This should get their attention. (Evil laughter)
(The heroes and the Beak appear in a crack in the mall.)
Spider-Man: Looks like somebody left the door open!
Iron Man: Alright, gang, it's showtime! Everybody ready?
Spider-Man: I feel pretty good.
Hulk: I'd feel better with a metal suit.
The Beak: Sorry, big guy, no time!
Iron Man: (pointing up) Look!
Red Skull: Ah, ze superheroes are here to save the day. But without your powers, zis is just a costume party. M.O.D.O.K., destroy them!
M.O.D.O.K.: Yes, I will take great pleasure in destroying these puny heroes!
Spider-Man: I got 'im, guys! Spider-Man smash!
(Spidey smashes through the roof of the Googolplex Mall while Linda is outside listening on her headphones oblivious)
Tour Guide: Looking to your left you'll see...
Spider-Man: Whoooa!!! Whoooooaaa!!
Hulk: Was he makin' fun of me?
Thor: A little, yes.
(Thor clings onto a part of the wall while Hulk roars. Hulk attempts to punch Venom but Venom gets the upper hand and throws him into Rogers Appliances store.)
Whiplash: They still have their powers!
Red Skull: Yes, but they are all mixed up! (He lifts Doofenshmirtz up by his lab coat) Zis your doing!??!
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, I don't remember making a Power-Switch-inator, but, ih, y'know, I make a lot of inators!
(Red Skull tosses Doof who crashes into some tables. M.O.D.O.K. blasts some beams towards Iron Man.)
Iron Man: Y'know, it'd be really nice right now to have the power to throw a hammer!
Thor: I told you it's not about power, it's about worthiness! (sigh) It's like talking to a Bilgesnipe.
(Whiplash wields his whips again.)
The Beak: Bacaw!
(Whiplash whips the Beak in two.)
M.O.D.O.K.: Hey, what's going on?!
(Pan down to reveal Thor carrying M.O.D.O.K.. He attempts to throw him, but cannot let go.)
Thor: I find myself in a sticky situation. Oh no, I've received Spider-Man's propensity for puns!
(Cut to Whiplash. Ferb kicks him with the legs. Phineas trips him with the body. Whiplash strikes the fountain electrocuting the suit.)
Phineas: Now I wish we'd prioritized the waterproofing.
(M.O.D.O.K., still stuck to Thor, blasts beams all over the mall, finally striking Iron Man. Hulk comes out wearing various appliances and pots and pans.)
Hulk: Now I'm Iron Man! (The real Iron Man crashes into the impostor. Spidey finally comes down to Earth crashing on an eyeglass kiosk.)
Spider-Man: Okay, that time, I overshot the mark. Oh, hey, Venom. What'd I miss? (Venom grabs Spidey, choking him.)
Phineas: Spider-Man, are you okay?
Spider-Man: Could be worse! At least Iron Man and Thor are... (Cut to M.O.D.O.K. harming Thor.) Well, at least Iron Man...
Iron Man: (tied up in Whiplash's whips) Sorry, gang. A little tied up at the moment.
Spider-Man: Okay, nevermind. It couldn't be worse!

(Open up on the Googolplex Mall.)
Stan Lee: (voiceover) Welcome back, faithful viewers! When last we left our handsome heroes, their fate hung in the balance in a cataclysmic cliffhanger.
Red Skull: Zis vas all too easy. The time for heroes is over. Now all will bow to us. Und nossing vill save you now.
(Cut up to reveal a mysterious shadowed figure coming down on a hoverboard into the destroyed glass ceiling. Closeup to reveal that it is in fact Agent P, now wearing a superhero costume and mask. Perry flies his hoverboard into M.O.D.O.K.. He steps on a pedal releasing some fog.)
Red Skull: (coughing) Stop him!
(Perry steps onto another pedal on the hoverboard and some ropes are released grabbing Phineas, Ferb, and the heroes. He lifts them up to safety.)
Spider-Man: Hey, Duck Guy, thanks for the rescue! (to Iron Man) Do we tip him?
Iron Man: He's not parking our car.
Spider-Man: I just don't know the etiquette.
Red Skull: Dah! Who vas that masked...beaver...duck?
M.O.D.O.K.: M.O.D.O.K. will exterminate all beaver-ducks!
Doofenshmirtz: Y'know, none of this would have happened if we had just gone out for ice cream like I suggested!

(Cut to Perry flying above the Tri-State Area. His wristwatch communicator beeps.)
Nick Fury: Greetings, Agent P! S.H.I.E.L.D. has gotten intel that the supervillains are holed up in downtown Danville in an oddly-shaped building with its own jingle. We need you to find out what they're up to!
(Perry's other wristwatch communicator beeps.)
Major Monogram: (now sporting an eyepatch and a goatee like Fury) And neutralize them if possible, Agent P!
Nick Fury: Monogram! Seriously, the beard, too?!
Major Monogram: You're not the only one who can rock an awesome face mullet, Fury!
(Perry flies to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: (standing in front of an inator) And see, it takes four orbs of mundanium finite to power it. It would only take one orb of Pizzazium Infinionite but that's so hard to find. Oh, don't get me started! So we just lock the module in here and...Viola! Yeah, I know, it's a large violin. I-I don't know why people say that. Anyhoo, what did you guys need a second Power-Drain-inator for?
Red Skull: So we won't have to deal vit your idiocy anymore! (Takes out a remote and traps Doof in a cage.)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, that's not nice! I-I thought we were buds! We were amigos! We had...We had a song and everything!
Red Skull: Your little musical interlude vas a pleasant diwersion at best! You see, ve're not going to take over ze Tri-State Area. We are going to completely destroy it and show vat vill happen if anyone attempts to swart our plan!
Doofenshmirtz: Did you just say, "Swart our plan"?
Red Skull: No. Swart! Sw- Vit a T-H! Swart!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, "thwart"! Yeah, it makes more sense. I think that maybe you should go see a speech pathologist or a-a-a dialect coach or someth—
Red Skull: SILENCE!!! Vunce ve've made our point, we will use our contraption to draw avay ze powers of all ze superheroes on ze planet! And take over ze world!
Doofenshmirtz: Wow, you guys really think big!
Red Skull: But first, Venom, squash our little fly on ze ceiling!
(Venom stretches his arm out and Perry dodges it. He attempts to sneak away on the pipe, but Whiplash whips it. Perry holds onto it, but Venom grabs him and he gets trapped...again.)
Red Skull: Now we go and send a little message to our handicapped heroes. Come! Schnell!
Doofenshmirtz: (to Perry) You're not very good at thwarting. I...I should hook you up with my nemesis Perry the Platypus for some pointers. It's an art form for him.

(Cut to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: (to Perry) So you're a superhero, huh? Don't you have some sort of power to get us out of this? (Perry pushes a button on his utility belt) Hey...Oh, wow! You've got...super wire cutters, huh? Oh, what are they, nail clippers that got bitten by radioactive pinching shears?

(Cut back to downtown Danville)
Red Skull: (to Iron Man) Pasetic! Look at how you've vasted your lives! Protecting zees humans, who are so qvick to abandon you in your hour of need!
(Whiplash throws Iron Man into the sky.)
Red Skull: Vhiplash!
Whiplash: What?
Red Skull: I vas talking to him!
Whiplash: Sorry.
Red Skull: Look around you! Now zat you have no powers, you have no friends, no allies, you have nussing!
(Hulkjeet arrives to save Iron Man.)
Iron Man: We have a Baljeet.
Hulkjeet: Hulkjeet.
Iron Man: Oh, my bad. Apparently he prefers to be known as "Hulkjeet". (The Beak arrives.) And this thing.
The Beak: Bacaw!
Iron Man: If it's a bird, it's with us, too. (Agent P flies in) The flying duck with a beaver tail. We got him! (Waffles fall from the sky) But I gotta level with ya, I have no idea who's shooting waffles.
(Cut to D.E.I. to reveal Doofenshmirtz firing waffles from his Waffle-inator.)
Doofenshmirtz: Woo-hoo! Top of the world, Ma!
Spider-Man: Yo, Red, (holding the orbs) is this doohickey important?
Red Skull: Ze mundanium finite reactor core!
Spider-Man: Huh. I guess it is important. (runs off)
Red Skull: Go get him! I shall guard ze inator! (gets waffled)
(Cut to the park. Spidey runs off with the reactor. Venom crashes into some springy kiddie rides. Whiplash attempts to attack him, but hits an umbrella. Spidey almost gets crushed but gets saved by Hulkjeet.)
Spider-Man: Thanks, Baljeet!
Hulkjeet: Hulkjeet!
(M.O.D.O.K. crashes through the umbrella. Perry crashes into M.O.D.O.K.. Venom goes after Spidey, but the Beak blocks him.)
The Beak: Bacaw!
Spider-Man: Woo!
(Whiplash goes after Spidey, but Hulkjeet smashes him and roars.)

(Cut back to the battle. Spidey and Iron Man hit M.O.D.O.K. with their golf cart. Whiplash whips it in two. Iron Man gets surrounded by the villains. Hulk, now riding the kid's bike, grabs the reactor core from Iron Man. Thor appears on the other kid's skateboard. Hulk throws the reactor core. Whiplash is about to intercept but gets slapped by Bear Boy's fish. Thor catches the reactor core. M.O.D.O.K. attempts to zap Thor. He retrieves the reactor core, but gets waffled. Spidey attempts to catch the reactor core, but Whiplash whips it. The Beak finally catches it. However, Red Skull tugs on it. It falls apart.)
Red Skull: Ze mundanium finite! (to Venom) Get zose orbs!
(Venom slashes the Beak's torso and Ferb pops out. The heroes and the gang chase after it. Cut to Doofenshmirtz.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ooh, these waffles aren't enough. I...I wish I could just disintegrate them all. (gasp) Oh, right! The Disintegrator-inator! Duh! (switches it on, nothing happens) I don't know what I was—Hey! (flips the switch up and down) Hey, what's wrong? Hmmm. (picks up the unplugged plug) Oh, here's the problem. (He walks up to an extension cord outlet, but the plug is too short.) Okay, I just need an extension cord this long. (Runs off.)

(Open up on D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, this long. This long, lessee. (gets out a few extension cords) Too short. Too short. Too long. Way too short! Why would I even have this?!

(Cut back to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ih. Finally found an extension cord the right size! (plugs in the inator) Take that, bad guys! (The inator zaps the space station away and Candace appears just as it disappears.)
Candace: ...giant head shaped like Phineas and superheroes! But...but...but...
Linda: Oh, yes. There they are. (zoom out to reveal a comic book stand full of Spider-Man, Hulk, Thor, Iron Man and Ducky Momo comics)
Candace: Wha?
Linda: Hulk, Iron Man, Thor. All of them. I forgot you had a thing for comic books.
Candace: But but...This isn't how..Wait, where did...
Linda: You wanna join me for the rest of the tour?
Candace: No, I'd rather stay here and sulk.
(Linda turns the audio tour back on and resumes her tour.)

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz.)
Doofenshmirtz: I did it! Did anyone see that? Anyone? Anyone? No one's lookin'. Nobody's payin' attention.

Doofelations Season 4:198 | Thanks But No Thanks

(In his lair)
♪ Perry ♪
(A pause)
♪ Perry ♪
(At the recording area)
Monty: Hey Dad.
Major Monogram: Monty my boy. It's always wonderful to see you.
Carl: Hello sir.
Major Monogram: Carl, what took you so long? Hand me that report would you?
Carl: Yes sir.
Major Monogram: My coffee! Huh, thanks Monty.
Monty: Actually Carl-
Major Monogram: Carl, the trash chute is clogged again, do you mind?
Carl: Of course not sir. (He makes his way past Monty and Major Monogram) Pardon me. Excuse me. Coming through
Monty: Uh, Dad, Agent P is here.
Major Monogram: Oh, so he is. Morning Agent P. Dr. Doofenshmirtz has been spotted on his balcony repeatedly shaking his fist and then running back into his building. Which is obviously evil. Well, okay maybe not evil, but definitely cliche. So, go and stop him from his cartoon conventions.
(Perry jetpacks out)

(Doofenshmirtz is busy aiming a device at a man who is playing the bagpipes)
Doofenshmirtz: Annoying musician. C-Come on. Come on. Come to papa. Ah! Bingo! (Perry puts his tail in front of the scope) Hey what's with the waffle? Oh very funny Perry the Platypus, very funny. If you'll just be so kind as to move your tail out of the way. (Perry does so) Thank you. There we go. That's good, an- (Perry puts his tail in front of the scope again) See now you're just being childish. Look, I promise you. I'm not even being marginally evil. I just want to stop that guy from playing his bagpipes everyday, 24-hours a day. I mean look at him. On what planet is that racket considered music? Ugh! I cannot take it anymore, so I'm gonna hit his bagpipe with my Inflate-inator! Yeah, I know, It's basically the opposite of my Deflate-inator. But I can't concentrate with all that noise! I was lucky to come up with that. But when that bagpipe blows up I will once again be able to here the usual din ringing through the city streets. Like, uh, car alarms, and babies crying, and -inators blowing up. (Perry flings himself off the -inator, and punches Doofenshmirtz)

(Perry and Doofenshmirtz continue fighting, but Perry throws Doofenshmirtz into the -inator zapping them, and inflating Perry)
Doofenshmirtz: Check you out Perry the Bloat-apus. (Doofenshmirtz inflates as well) Well, uh, this is awkward. Seriously gonna-
(Perry slams into Doofenshmirtz, sending him flying backwards)
Doofenshmirtz: Wow, I'm so glad I had this Helipad installed.
(Perry and Doofenshmirtz continue fighting by slamming themselves against each other)

(Perry and Doofenshmirtz continue throwing themselves at each other)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, wow. Aw man. We're not getting anywhere. How bout we take a time out?
(Perry pulls a valve on his fedora, and begins deflating)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, your hat has a pressure release valve? Wow, so that's what the inside of a platypus smells like? Could've gone my whole life without knowing that.
(Perry grabs the Inflate-inator, and throws it off the building)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey! Aw man, another 'nator bites the dust, and I'm stuck listening to Jerky McIrritating across the street now.
(Perry whistles down to the man, and motions him to be quiet)
Man: What's that? Oh I'm sorry, I'll stop. I didn't realize I was disturbin' you. Cheery-bye!
Doofenshmirtz: Huh, well I guess I may have over thought that solution, just a little bit.
(Perry pushes Doofenshmirtz over the edge)
Doofenshmirtz: Ahhh! Curse you Perry the Platypus!

(At Club Soda, and the Love Sandal concert)
Monty: Hey.
Vanessa: Hey yourself.
Monty: I thought, uh...
Vanessa: Yeah, so did I. But then I figured I couldn't leave you here to suffer alone.
Monty: That's what I like. Thoughtful, and dismissive at the simultaneously.
Doofenshmirtz: (Being tossed around like a beach ball) Nooo! Wait. Wait. Wait. Is that the Love Sandals? Hey, oh, watch the hands lady.

Doofelations Season 4:199 | Troy Story

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated ♪
(Perry knocks at the door)
Doofenshmirtz: Coming, hold on. Just hold your horses. Wait. Hello? (He opens the door, and Perry flies in on his jetpack.) Ha! you missed me, Perry the Platypus. (Perry gets caught in a rope net trap) I got you. You see, I was just doing a little inventory and reorganization of all the stuff that I've collected over the last forty years. Yeah, I know it's gotten a little... out of hand. I kinda let it go, and Norm's been in Maui for like, a month, so I made a Declutter-inator. I was actually gonna shoot myself with it, which would make me want to un-clutter everything, and then I lost it, 'cause, you know, it's, it's really cluttered in here. So then I hired a nice young lady named Doreen, to help me get organized, and well, I think she may have gotten lost, too. I haven't see her in days. (Yelling into the clutter) Doreen? Are you out there?
Doreen: So thirsty...
Doofenshmirtz: I never approved overtime!
Doreen: Food...
Doofenshmirtz:So if you'll excuse me I have to get back to my search for Doreen. Maybe I'll get lucky and find the Declutter-inator, too. (Yelling back into the clutter) Hey Doreen? Marco!
Doreen: Water!
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, she really stinks at this.

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated)
Doofenshmirtz: Doreen? Come out, come out where ever you are. I should have brought some bread crumbs, or something to leave behind me, so I could find my way—Oh you know what? Better yet, I should've brought a sandwich, cause I am famished.
(Perry, still trapped in the net, cuts through, and activates a GPS, showing how to navigate the clutter maze)

Doofenshmirtz: Doreen? Come on, quit kidding around. Perry the Platypus! You found the Declutter-inator. Excellent. Okay, shoot me. Shoot me and I'll clean this whole place up. Oh, wait, wait wait, What? It's not plugged in? Hold on one second.

Doofenshmirtz: Okay, here's an open socket. (He plugs in his -inator) That doesn't sound good. (The -inator sends out a blast destroying some of Doofenshmirtz's lair, and resulting in one beam from the -inator hitting Lawrence)

Doofenshmirtz: Well, you have to admit it, it did get rid of the clutter.
Doreen: There you are.
Doofenshmirtz: Doreen! What's happenin'?
Doreen: My invoice. You'll be hearing from my lawyer. (She walks off)
Doofenshmirtz: (weakly) Curse you, Perry the Platypus.

Doofelations Season 4:200 | Druselsteinoween

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz's apartment. The doorbell plays the Evil Jingle. Doofenshmirtz approaches the door.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, goody, trick or treaters.
Trick or Treaters: Trick or treat!
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, lessee, what do we have here? Class dunce with a fake scar, and you must be the Princess of Meatland...and...uh, oh, uh, Upset Rooster Head. And what are you supposed to be, a kid in a sheet? (The "kid in the sheet" takes off the sheet to reveal:) A platypus in a sheet? (He puts on the fedora) Perry the Platypus in a sheet?! Do I -- well, uh, that's perfect! Wait, wait, I was hoping you would— (Perry twists Doofenshmirtz's arm) Ow!! Whoa whoa whoa whoa, I'm being sincere! There's no trap, no inator, just come over here, you gotta see this. It was delivered today. (They walk to the balcony to reveal a castle turret outside.) I had to sign for it and everything! (Cut to outside to reveal a rather ancient castle next to the D.E.I. building.) It's a real castle with...with a moat! Who delivers a moat?! How'd they even get that on the plane? It's from my Great Aunt Henrietta Hawkenschpit. She left it to me in her will. L-Listen to this. (reading the will) "To Heinz Doofenshmirtz, You are my only nephew, except for Roger and I hated him." See? See why I liked her? "Therefore, I leave you my castle and hidden inside is a very large treasure!" Huh? (puts on reading glasses) And look! There's a little treasure map with clues! Wanna help me? (no response) Oh, come on! It'll be fun! Take off your secret agent hat just for tonight and put on your adventure hat! (Perry takes off his fedora and puts on a similar looking fedora.) That's my guy! Treasure ho! This is gonna be fun!

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz and Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: Alright, the first clue is in the letter. Let's see here:
"My treasure awaits you, keep on the trail.
A ride up the stairs from under a veil."
What kind of twisted gibberish is this? (Perry approaches a chair under a veil and uncovers it.) That's it! Henrietta's chairlift! Oh yeah! Here, (patting his knee) you can sit here, Perry the Platypus. (Perry shakes his head.) No? Alright, suit yourself. (He activates the chairlift.) We're comin' for your treasure, HenriettAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!! (The chairlift speeds up and flings Doofenshmirtz into the red stained glass window. It seems like he's about to crash and break it, but doesn't. Instead, the window flips over and Doofenshmirtz lands in the moat and takes out a piece of paper.) Ha! I got it! (An alligator arises from the moat.) Yaaaah!! They shipped the alligator, too? Get away from me, Susan! We talked about this!

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz and Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: "In the dungeon, you will find
An elevator out of time."
I really don't remember an elevator down here. (An elevator bell dings.) Well, whadaya know? How could I have missed it? (A couple of Shining twins walk out of the elevator.)
"In the elevator, to the top you go,
The next clue is down below."
(The elevator goes up.) Well, that doesn't really make a lot of sense. (The elevator reaches the top floor, which is just a view.) Why did she make us come all the way up here if the clue is all the way down— (The elevator drops like the Tower of Terror ride and drops back into the moat. A hippopotamus rises from the moat.) Wait a second! (Approaching the hippo, which has another clue in its mouth.) Gimme that thing!

(Cut back to the party.)
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) "By luck or by chance, you found your last clue.
Turn the corner, favorite nephew."
Well, uh, what does she mean, "turn the corner"? It's just a flat wall, it's a— What are you doing, Perry the Platypus? (Perry shows a combination lock near the corner of a picture frame.) Oh, the corner of her picture! Give it a turn with your little platypus hands there! (Perry turns the lock and an unlocking noise is heard and bags of cash drop out.) At last!! Wahoo!! I'm rich! I am rich! I am comfortably well off! Don't worry, Perry the Platypus, I won't forget about you. You'll be the next person I invite to my first piñata party!
Man 1: Uh, excuse me, sir, are you the owner of this here building?
Doofenshmirtz: Yes.
Man 1: This area's not zoned for medieval castles. You're gonna have to pay a penalty fee.
Doofenshmirtz: Penalty fee? How much?
Man 1: One canvas bag with a huge dollar sign on it. (Doofenshmirtz gives the man a bag.) Thank you. Here's your receipt.
Doofenshmirtz: At least I still have all this loot.
Man 2: Danville Water Management Department. Can I see your permit for that moat? (Doofenshmirtz gives him a bag.)
Man 3: Bureau of Castle Conservation.
Doofenshmirtz: All right. (gives him a bag)
(Cut to outside the castle.)
Woman 1: (offscreen) Parking fines.
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) Here you go.
Man 4: (offscreen) Castle Relocation Authority.
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) Yeah, yeah, one for you, too.
Man 5: (offscreen) Ways and Means.
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) Yeah.
Woman 2: (offscreen) Means and Ways.
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) Take it. Here, just....
Man 6: (offscreen) Tri-State HOA.
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) Sure, why not?
Man 7: (offscreen) Department of bureaucracy.
(Doofenshmirtz groans offscreen.)

Doofelations Season 4:201 | Terrifying Tri-State Trilogy of Terror

(Open on the Macabre Book Mobile. Mr. Macabre is playing with an olive in his hand.)
Mr. Macabre: Ah, you have returned for more. (Throws away the olive.) Our second story starts upon a dark and stormy night, where a platypus will soon show an evil scientist that every wish has a twist and the wisher might not wish for what he wished. Mwa..Mwa-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(Crossfade to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated, where Agent P is climbing the roof and sees Doofenshmirtz reading the Terrifying Tri-State Trilogy of Terror book by an inator. Perry ropes his way down. Doofenshmirtz turns the page. There is an awkward moment of silence until Doof finally looks behind him.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey. (Beat. He finally realizes who is behind him and stammers, almost dropping the book.) Doggone it! You...You should know better than to sneak up on a guy like that! Especially on a dark and stormy night! Anyway, I was reading this weird book, and there's a chapter in here I think might interest you. (Doofenshmirtz shows Perry a chapter. Perry looks at it, but not before Doofenshmirtz closes the book on him.) Ha! Sucker! Surprised you fell for that old "slam the platypus in a book" trick. (places Perry and the book in a shelf) Actually, I'm surprised it took me that long to think of it. Anywho, you should know that that mysterious book that you are trapped in has a very interesting chapter about...♪ Bum bum bum!! ♪...the inexplicable Giant Floating Baby Head! (Thunder and lightning) Wow! That was weird. Wonder if that's gonna happen every time I say, "The inexplicable Giant Floating Baby Head." (Thunder and lightning) Oh, cool! Hey, watch this! The inexplicable Giant Floating Baby HHHHam Sandwich. (thunder and lightning) Ah! Anyway, the chapter says that if you get close enough to touch the...uh, the inexplicable Giant Floating (whispers) you know... (normal voice) you get three wishes. Pretty sweet, huh? The rest of the chapter was devoted to the Giant Floating...Rest of the Baby, but since I've never seen one in Danville, I never finished. So how am I going to get the Baby Head to come to me? Behold! (walks up to the inator) The Inexplicable-Giant-Floating-Baby-Head-Attract-inator! (Thunder and lightning) Everything I know about getting a baby's attention has gone into this inator. (Zoom to top of -inator, a set of keys is on it) Yes! Babies like keys, right? When you shake your keys.(Zoom back) Yeah, it's...it's one of the things they like. (He pushes a button on a remote and the roof opens up. Thunder and lightning as the Giant Floating Baby Head floats up silhouetted. It floats into the light cooing.) It's so horrible! (Walks up to it.) Gently, gently. Don't kill me. Just one...small...touch. (He touches the Baby Head and falls backwards into a pile of empty boxes.) It's gone! (He gasps as he sees that three of his four fingers now have baby faces on them.) Perry the Platypus, look at my hand! It's-It's kind of disturbing, but it worked! I get three wishes! Okay, we'll give this a whirl. I'll use one wish just to test it out. Hmm. I wish for an iced tea! (Poof!) Well, look at that! It worked! Hmm. Not bad, though it could really use some sugar and one of those lemon slices. I wasn't, see, I wasn't specific enough. Oh, right, I forgot, in these kinds of stories, there's always a twist, but, but I'm too smart for that. All I have to do is be really clear about what I want. Like, my next wish, I'll be really sure to clearly say, "I wish to control..." (Perry struggles to get out of his trap and crashes the bookshelf on Doofenshmirtz's foot) Ow! Cheese and crackers! (Poof) Oh, you think you're so clever, don't you, Perry the Platypus, making me waste a wish? Nice try, pal, but what you don't realize is that this guy knows the real waste of a wasted wish is to waste the wish that was wished wastefully. And I am not wasting this wasteful wish. The point is I now have control over cheese and crackers! Cheese, advance! (The refrigerator opens up and several cheeses come out.) Swiss, smoky Gouda, string, individually wrapped cheese food substitute! A'ight? Cheese, snack attack! You, Limburger, h-h-hold on a second, you're a strong cheese. Get this bookshelf off my foot.
(The cheeses fling themselves at Agent P, but miss him. Perry opens a drawer and gets out a cheese grater. A cheese block flings itself at Perry, and, in slow motion, Perry attacks the block with the grater. Perry grates every single block of cheese in the apartment.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, man, if I wasn't so hungry, this would be horrifying. (Perry is surrounded by several strands of shredded cheeses.) Well, you may have shredded it, but you haven't stopped it! (The shreds all come at Perry. Doofenshmirtz laughs evilly. Perry then kneels down and begins eating the shreds.) Oh, I see. I don't know how I forgot that cheese is edible. By the way, I believe you're over the five-second rule there, Perry the Platy— (Perry flings himself at Doofenshmirtz's head.) Ow! Well, I hope you didn't leave room for crackers! Crackers, go get 'im! (A cabinet opens and several boxes of oyster crackers fly out.) Why do I have six boxes of oyster crackers? Must've been on sale. (The boxes open and fire crackers at Perry.) Eh?
(Perry jumps behind a table. The crackers tip the table over. Perry finds a meat grinder on the floor. Using the table as a barricade, he puts the grinder on it. He picks up a box of toothpicks. He puts the toothpicks in the grinder and fires it like a machine gun.)
Doofenshmirtz: Very clever, Perry the Platypus, but let's see how you do against the hard stuff. Parmesan, give 'im a taste of your crystalline texture.
(A big wheel of Parmesan cheese emerges from a floor cabinet and wheels out breaking the table in half. Perry takes off his fedora and gets out a mouse whistle. He blows the whistle and several mice come out of a hole chasing after the cheese wheel.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, so you beat up a bunch of snacks. Big deal. But you forget, Perry the Platypus, I still have one wish left and I've learned from my past two mistakes. I'm going to do this one right! You know what it is I want, Perry the Platypus? I want to be the biggest ruler of the...What? Oh, you're right. I say "ruler" and I could end up being like a big wooden yardstick or something. G-Good catch. Good, good catch, Perry the Platypus. Let me rephrase that. I want to be, specifically, the monarch of—No, no. No, you're right, that's a butterfly. Well, how about, the super-inten—no, no. Wait, wait, I know! I wish to be the head of the Tri-State Area! Oh, shoot, I just heard that!
(Poof! The smoke clears as Doofenshmirtz is replaced by a Giant Floating Doofy Head.)
Giant Floating Doofy Head: Yep. Yep, I'm a head. A big old head, Perry the Platypus. That's what I wished for. (Perry leaves.) Where're you goin'? So what? I don't need your help! That's right! Just walk away,(Agent P walks to the door. He opens the door and leaves with a smiling) Perry the Platypus! Oh, you're giving me the smirk face! Nice, fine! Maybe I like being a giant head, huh? Uh, oh. Uhp, I have to itch my nose! Oh, no! I can't...Ah...AH-CHOO! (The Giant Floating Doofy Head's sneeze causes him to crash into the computer. An inexplicable cat screech is heard.) Ow! Curse you, Perry the Platypus, and you, too, you Giant inexplicable Floating Baby Head!! (Thunder and lightning) Ah, knock it off!

Doofelations Season 4:202 | Face Your Fear

(Cut to Agent P parachuting to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(Perry approaches Doof, who is sitting outside.)
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, Perry the Platypus, I bet you're wondering why I'm cowering outside my lab. Well, day started like any other day. You know, "how am I going to take over the Tri-State Area?" But I suddenly remembered a movie that I saw long ago at a drive-in.
(Flashback)

(Doofenshmirtz watching a movie with gigantic kittens climbing on buildings.)
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) It was called Night of the Felis. I knew right away that the old masters were onto something. Imagine taking something cute and enlargening it to frightening proportions. Brilliant! But in order to take over the Tri-State Area, I had to study with some other types of small animals, preferably, something that could fly. And I vowed to get right to work...as soon as the movie was over. The first thing I needed to do was create an inator that would make things larger.
Doofenshmirtz: (in flashback) Eh?
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) I tried it out on my cowboy hat. It was a success! My ten-gallon hat had turned into a 2,000-gallon-hat!
(The hat falls off the balcony, Doofenshmirtz jumps off the hat and clutches to the balcony.)
Doofenshmirtz: (in flashback) Whoa! (crash!) Well, that's the end of that hat.
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) Next, I had to genetically modify a mouse so it could fly.
(In flashback, Doof takes a mouse. The mouse bites Doof offscreen.)
Doofenshmirtz: (in flashback) Ow!
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) Then I decided it would be easier to just use a bat. So I ordered a retired stunt-bat from a low-budget bat circus that had recently gone belly-up. You know...the economy. I was on the precipice of Tri-State Area domination. At last, I had the ultimate creepy soldier! (Derek the bat squeaks) And then I remembered, I had a very mild phobia of bats.
(Doofenshmirtz's eyes pop, literally, and he runs away from the bat.)
Doofenshmirtz: (in flashback) Aaaah!!! Get away get away get away!!!
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) I also had a mild phobia of shellfish.
(At the 'Shellfish Needs' restaurant.)
Waitress: (in flashback, offscreen) Here's your order, sir.
Doofenshmirtz: (in flashback, offscreen) Aaaah!!! Get away get away get away!!!
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) But bats are worse.
Doofenshmirtz: (in flashback) Scram, you flying gerbil! (Derek squeaks) Amscray! (Derek squeaks) You're making me miss the hootenanny!
Norm: (in flashback) Sir, I found your radio. It was embedded in the dashboard of your car.
Doofenshmirtz: (in flashback) Norm, don't just stand there! Do something about this bat! (The radio is thrown, and misses.) Really? That's your solution? Throw a radio at it? Whoa whoa! (cut to Norm about to throw a crowbar) Don't throw that! That's imitatable.
Norm: (in flashback, picking up the inator) What if I hit it with this?
Doofenshmirtz: (in flashback) No no! Don't shoot it with that! That's my—
(Derek gets hit with the inator.)
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) And I thought the bat was scary before when he was...tiny.
(End flashback.)
Doofenshmirtz: It was at that point that Norm and I decided to come out here. Plus the bat kinda looks like my cousin, Narthelliot, which, as you can imagine is weird for me. Isn't that about right, Norm?
Norm: (crashed through a hole in the wall) It's even more horrible than it looks!

(Cut back to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Thank you for the blanket, Perry the Platypus.
Vanessa: (offscreen) Dad?
Doofenshmirtz: Vanessa? Oh, no! Vanessa, get out of there! (Crawling inside) There's a huge bat on the loose!
Vanessa: Really? (Sees Derek shrieking.) Wow, cool! It looks like your cousin, Narthelliot.
Doofenshmirtz: No sudden movements or loud noises, Vanessa!
Vanessa: Dad, relax. It's just a bat. They just eat bugs.
Doofenshmirtz: But it's a very big bat!
Vanessa: Now, come on. J-Just stand up. It's time to face your fear.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, okay. (Derek snarls at Doofenshmirtz and grabs him in his mouth.)
Vanessa: (hitting Derek) No no! Bad bat! Spit him out!!
(Derek spits Doof out, who is now covered in bat saliva.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, gross! (Derek grabs Doofenshmirtz with his feet and flies away.) Oh, yeah, this is much better!
Vanessa: Dad!! Oh, hey, Perry. I was wondering if you could help me. (Perry grabs his jetpack and activates it.) Thanks, Perry. You're a peach.
(A bat-looking man appears next to Vanessa.) Narthelliot: So, what'd I miss?
Vanessa: Oh, hey, Narthelliot! We were just talking about you.

(Cut to the Giant Tire Place. Derek flies through the big tire around and around with Doofenshmirtz still in his clutches.)
Doofenshmirtz: Whoa! Oh, I get it! This is what it does! Flying through a hoop! That's what I get...for buying a bat...from a defunct...bat circus!

(Cut to above the house. Derek and Doof fly up to Foamtown.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh no! Oh no no! Not again!!! (bang!) Ow, my head! (bang!) Ow, my head again! (bang!) Ow! Now I forgot math! (bang!) Ow! There goes social studies! (bang!) Oh, good, they're back! (Doofenshmirtz's head crashes into the giant bolt revealing the cogs, which loosen and cause Foamtown to roll away.)

(Cut to the Millennium Gateway Arch in St. Louis, Missouri. Derek and Doofenshmirtz fly around the arch. Perry jets in.)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, welcome to St. Louis! Now do something about this bat, please! (Perry shoots the inator at Derek and it shrinks back to its original size, leaving Doofensmirtz hanging in midair, then falling.) Aah!! Well, at least I lost my fear of bats!! (Doofenshmirtz crashlands into a shellfish restaurant.)
Waitress: (offscreen) Oh, it's you again.
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) Aaaah!! Go away go away go away!!!
Waitress: (offscreen) Oh, just stop it.

Doofelations Season 4:203 | Cheers for Fears

(Cut to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(Cut to inside. Perry once again breaks down the door and, as usual, gets trapped by a rope. He hangs upside down from it. Cut to Doof watching a woman screaming on his TV surrounded by hundreds of DVDs.)
Doofenshmirtz: (sighs, pauses the movie) Isn't that always the way? Right at the exciting part, that's when the doorbell rings...or, y'know, a platypus breaks it down. Anyway, behold the Worst-Fear-inator! (pause) What? (Doof tilts his head. POV shot from Doof as he sees the popcorn cart is blocking the inator.) Oh, yeah, I-I guess from your point of view, it's a little difficult to see. Lemme just get this outta the way for you. (He pushes the popcorn out out of the way.) There we go. Now, in my never-ending pursuit of domination, I discovered that the best evil rulers used fear to keep people in line. So to get into the right headspace, I did what any logical evil scientist would do: rented all the scary movies in Danville for research. Even the lousy ones like Dead Batteries, which is actually better than its prequel, Batteries That Work, which was...just a bunch of...portable electronic devices...functioning properly.
(Flashback of Doof watching the movies.)
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) Once I was terrified, I was able to analyze the fear-based synapses of the brain and extrapolate some wonderful data!
(End flashback.)
Doofenshmirtz: Basically, I shoot someone with the machine, and whatever they are afraid of actually appears...in real life! Whadaya say, Perry the Platypus? Ya like being a guinea pig? Actually, you'd look kinda cute as a guinea pig. I mean, I wonder if you'd be teal. I bet you would. I bet you'd be a cute little teal guinea pig. Something to think about for the future. Anyway, Perry the Platypus, let's fire this baby up and see what scares you. (He presses the button activating the inator.) 'Cause, y'know, it's gonna materialize right over there. (A green beam hits Perry.) Alright, so what are you afraid of, where is it? (looks around) What the hay? Nothing? (A business card slips through the ropes. Doof takes the card and reads it.) "Perry the Platypus: O.W.C.A. agent - Fearless." Huh. That figures. I guess you'll just hafta...hang around! Ha ha ha! Oh, wait, this one's better: I'll just leave you here because you're all tied up! Ha ha ha! W-W-Wait, one last one, you're gonna love it: See ya later because it isn't my tail that's upside down! (No response.) No? No no, I shoulda stuck with the first two, you're right.

(Cut back to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Get ready, Perry the Platypus! The Tri-State Area's about to confront its fears! (Evil laughter from Doof. Another business card with mechanical arms and legs slips through the rope and crawls up to Perry's tail. A laser beam shoots through the robot and burns the rope down, freeing Perry. He kicks Doof.) Aaah! Ow ow! I landed on my jawbone, right under that weird...sticky-outy part under your ear! And my jawbone landed on the remote. Ah, Doof. (The inator activates and shoots Doof.) Okay, nothing bad will happen as long as I don't think about anything scary or... (A pounding on the door is heard.) Oh no! I couldn't help it, it just popped in there! It can't be! (The door breaks down revealing evil vending machine robots.) Vending machines are taking over! I said it could happen! No! Stay back! Stay back! Back! Flee! Flee! (Doof attempts to escape, but the vending machines grab hold of him.) No no no! I'm not really hungry! Really! (Stutters) No no, not the tiny vanilla cookies! How long have those been in there?! (The machines force feed Doof a packet of vanilla cookies.)

(Cut back to D.E.I. Perry is walking out leaving Doof with his fear.)
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) No! No! Not that! Anything but the fake red licorice! It tastes like... (Doof grunts. Perry stops walking and figures he has to save Doof.) No! What possessed me to make such a horrifying inator?! (Perry jumps on the DVDs and hops onto the inator aiming it. He lands on the floor and hits the remote. The inator hits the vending machines. A giant nickel rolls by and the machines run for their lives.) Well, I guess now we know what scares vending machines.

(Cut back to Doof and Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, you're back! (walking up to the inator) I am never setting that puppy off again. (He presses a button, and, as usual, the inator activates and aims across town.) Oops.

(Cut back to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oops. I really meant to hit the self-destruct button. I'll just get this for you. (Kaboom!) So, uh, you need your parking validated or, uh... Oh, oh, you found a spot on the street! Huh! Lucky you! Curse you, Perry the Platypus and all that! You know.

Doofelations Season 4:204 | Steampunx

(Sweary waddles off behind the barn and opens up a zoetrope)
Major Megaburns: Good morning Agent S. This is Major Megaburns. Your arch-enemy, Professor Von Doofenshmirtz, has been spotted creating something evil in his laboratory. Go check it out.
Carl: Perhaps Sweary would want to try my new steam-powered jetpack. It's very heavy and full of boiling hot water.
Megaburns: Hey, wait a minute. How come your zoetrope image is so much cooler than mine?
Carl: It's not "cooler" sir. It's just got more frames.

Barbershop Quartet: ♪ Doofenshmirtz...Doofenshmirtz...Doofenshmirtz...Doofenshmirtz...Doofenshmirtz Evil Amalgamated! ♪
Von Doofenshmirtz: (Talks loudly) Ah, Sweary the Swan, how completely unforeseen is your—Uh, hang on a second. (turns off a large machine behind him) Ah, that's better. Sweary the Swan, how completely unforeseen is your presence here, and by that, I mean, completely foreseen! (Sweary attempts to bite von Doofenshmirtz) Hey! No bites. I've got a little something for you.
(Sweary is grabbed from behind by von Doofenshmirtz's robot)
Pnorman: Well, hello there.
Von Doofenshmirtz: Allow me to introduce to you my sidekick, Pneumatic Pnorman. And both of those are spelt with a "P". You know, the... The "P's" are silent. I don't even know why they put them in there, if they're not gonna pronounce it. It's just a waste of a good letter. That's what it is. But, I babble. Back on topic.
Pnorman: Shall I put this cucumber in the salad, sir?
Von Doofenshmirtz: That's not a cucumber Pnorm. I'm sorry about that, Sweary, he has problems identifying objects. Pnorm, that's a swan, and we're going to tie him to the railroad tracks.
Pnorman: How melodramatic.
(Sweary squawks at Von Doofenshmirtz)
Von Doofenshmirtz: Wow! Do you preen your feathers with that mouth? They should call you Sw- Oh! Oh, I get it. Swear-y the Swan.

(At railroad tracks)
Von Doofenshmirtz: Sweary the Swan, did you know that the world's fair is in town? They have all of this amazing, new technology. Here, look. It's all represented here, on this commemorative coin– (Sweary the Swan bite's Von Doofenshmirtz's thumb) Ow! Now look what you did! You made me drop it. Pnorman, go find that coin.
Pnorman: It's probably right at your feet, sir. I can't bend over without pulling my axle out of alignment.
Von Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, whatever, think of something. Anyway, like I was saying before you bit my thumb, down at the fair they have all these neat, new steam-powered gizmos that they plan to use for "progress." Normally I wouldn't mind, but they're also attaching a lot of "hope" and "optimism" to progress. And that is something I will not put up with. So I've built a big, monster machine to smash their world's fair to bits! Behold! It's an evil swan! (von Doofenshmirtz reviles his machine) It's a- it's a big swan. It's like you, but, you know, bigger, and hammer-y-er. It's got more hammers than you do. Plus, it runs on the new technology of steam!
Pnorman: (Returning with Vanessa in his arms) Sir, I found your coin.
Von Doofenshmirtz: That's not a coin. That's my daughter, you dolt!
Pnorman: No wonder she wouldn't fit in the gum ball machine.
Von Doofenshmirtz: You hear that Sweary the Swan? That is the sound of–
(Von Doofenshmirtz is cut off by a whistle of steam coming from his evil swan) ... aerosol cheese!
Pnorman: We didn't hear what you said!
Von Doofenshmirtz: Oh, for– (He is drowned out by another whistle of steam)

(At the World's Fair)
Farmer's Wife: I don't believe it. A fuzzy doll in the shape of a bear? It's the end of decency.
Farmer: You didn't believe in me or anthropomorphism.
(The house of the future behind them explodes, as Von Doofenshmirtz's swan breaks through it)
Man: (Running away) Everyone run! It's a big, hammer-y swan!
Von Doofenshmirtz: Ha! Soon you will all see the power of my– (He is drowned out by another whistle of steam)
Man 2: We can't here you!
(At the train tracks Sweary cuts through the ropes tying him down, and grabs onto the train that was about to crush him)
(Von Doofenshmirtz's swam tears apart the Lumiere Brothers Real Motion Pictures tent)
Auguste Lumière: Look! A huge, rampaging, steam-powered, hammer-y swan! If only there was a way we could record this event!
Louis Lumière: Auguste! You have just invented the moving picture documentary! Quickly, mood music!

(Music starts as Louis begins filming the events in a silent motion picture style)
(Von Doofenshmirtz scares some fair goers, an intertitle reads "Now you will all feel the wrath of my...")
(He is cut off by another steam whistle, and passerby motion that they can't hear. An intertitle reads "Can you hear what he's saying" then another saying, "No. No I can't")
(Sweary swoops down onto Professor Von Doofenshmirtz, and pulls off his mustache. An intertitle reads, "HONK!" then another soon after saying, "You eat corn with that mouth?")

Von Doofenshmirtz: (To the Lumière brothers) No, no, you're not getting my best side. But here, let me show you my worst side! (von Doofenshmirtz's swan eats the camera and Louis with it) What? Sweary the Swan! (Sweary the Swan shows up, driving Phineas and Ferb's chore doing machine directly at Von Doofenshmirtz) Ah, you want to play swan chicken, ah? (Sweary rams into von Doofenshmirtz, then backs up for another go) Oh no, get back here! (Sweary uses the chore doing machine to shuck corn into von Doofenshmirtz's robot) Oh no! He's using the old quad maneuver. 
(Von Doofenshmirtz's swan lifts off and then explodes) Curse you, Sweary the Swan!

Lawrence: And that's the way it was at the Danville world's fair.
Phineas: A giant steam-powered hammering swan? Come on, Dad, that sounds a little far-fetched for the time period, doesn't it?
Lawrence: Oh, yes. Yes, it does.
(Professor Von Doofenshmirtz falls from the sky)
Von Doofenshmirtz: Man, how long was I up there?

Doofelations Season 4:205 | Just Our Luck

(Cut to Agent P's lair. Perry enters clearly very tired and chattering wearily.)
Major Monogram: Sorry you had to pull that all-nighter, but we really appreciate you filling in for Agent Q. With most everyone at Agent-Con this week, we're, uh, a little shorthanded.
(Cutaway to Agent-Con with every agent, including Peter the Panda, Pinky the Chihuahua and Lyla Lolliberry waiting in line for registration.)
Lyla: Yet again, I am the only girl.
(Cut back to the lair.)
Major Monogram: Anyway, Agent P, Doofenshmirtz has been experimenting with energy fields and it's starting to get dangerous. It knocked out our microwave oven. Get out there, Agent P, and right that ridiculous wrong. (Perry gets up and tiredly walks to his spy car. Monogram holds up a breakfast burrito on a plate.) This breakfast burrito is like a bean and cheese icicle except that it's larger and wrapped in a tortilla.
(Perry gets in his car and turns autopilot on.)

(Cut to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪

(The spy car makes its landing in the building.)
Norm: Woof! Woof! Intruder approaching! Woof! Woof, woof!
Doofenshmirtz: Good boy! I love this new guard dog software. It's about time, Perry the Platypus. I was beginning to think you found another evil scientist to fight. Oop!
Perry: Zzzzzzzzzz...
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, what a little angel. I'll just have to tell you my evil plan subliminally, like, like when people listen to foreign language CDs in their sleep. I did that once and now I can totally speak Portuguese to sleeping people. Anyway, recently, I was musing to myself about how lucky my brother, Roger, is.

(Flashback to Doof playing darts with his brother's face as the bullseye.)
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) Luck is called "stinkelkrampen" in Drusselstein and it turns out I never have any of the good kind. Turns out that every object has a positive or negative energy field. I harness that positive and negative energy and created...
(End flashback)

Doofenshmirtz: ...the Stinkelkrampen-inator!
Perry: (yawns) Zzzzzzzzz...
Doofenshmirtz: Shh shh shh shh shh. You see, what I'll do is I'll zap myself with good luck and then I'll go zap Roger with bad luck, then I will ascend to become the Mayor of Danville and then I will rule the ENTIRE TRI-STATE...
Perry: (yawns) Zzzzzzzzz...
Doofenshmirtz: I will rule the entire Tri-State Area. Aw, man, Norm, I told you, on the paper! On the paper! (Cut to reveal that Norm is drawing on the wall) Bad dog!

(Cut back to Doof and the still sleepy Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: And that is how the bad luck setting works. Except, of course, I won't be shooting random blasts off the balcony. Now, check out the good luck settings. And, again, I won't be just shooting it off the balcony like this. (He shoots it.)

(Cut to somewhere downtown. Doof is standing by his van with a still sleeping Perry in a little red wagon holding his inator.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, it's time to go. Luck and cover. (He shoots himself with the inator and chuckles.) Good stinkelkrampen tickles! (gasp) Look, a penny! It's working! Aw, man, tails! Well, you know the rules, Heinz. Turn it over for the next person.
Man: I say, a lucky penny! Thanks for the flip, old bean. Here is a thousand dollars!
Doofenshmirtz: (squeals) It worked! Hee hee! Ooh, time to give Roger a dose of bad stinkelkrampen he'll never forget!

(Cut to Doof's van. He places the sleeping platypus in his seat.)
(Song: The Good Life (instrumental))
Doofenshmirtz: Down you go, Perry the Sleepapus. (He turns on the ignition.) And away we go! (All the traffic lights turn green.) Sweet!
Food Truck Lady: Free samples?
Doofenshmirtz: (takes some) Thank you! Mmm, mmm, I could get used to this good luck thing. It's better than having a genie. That was a mistake.
(Cutaway to a genie after he's transformed Doof into a giant wiener.)
Wienershmirtz: That wasn't a wish! It's just a song! It's not even a song! It's a jingle!!
(End cutaway.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ugh. Y'ever try to sue a genie? Oh, you're asleep. W-Well, let's try to see what kind of tunes are on the FM dial.
(Song: Dancing in the Sunshine)
♪ The sun is shining down on me ♪
♪ (Dancing in the sunshine) ♪
♪ Every day a jubilee, ♪
♪ Swingin' from a cherry tree. ♪
Doofenshmirtz: (while the song plays) Hey, I love this song! I guess I shouldn't be surprised at this point, but what the hey?

(Cut to City Hall. The van pulls up.)
Doofenshmirtz: I love it when the song ends right as you reach your destination! Not to mention the free cans of almond brittle that I got during the chorus. (Cut to inside City Hall.) Well, hello, Roger.
Roger: Hello, Heinz. What can I do for you?
Doofenshmirtz: Well, little brother, you have had nothing but good luck your whole life, and I'm here to even things up for once!
Roger: Oh, Heinz, the power of positive stinkelkrampen is the result of hard work, strong networking and thoughtful actions in matters both business and personal.
Doofenshmirtz: Pfft! I prefer to inator my way to success...just like I wrote in my book! Available in dollar bins everywhere!

(Cut back to City Hall.)
Doofenshmirtz: Alright, Roger, prepare to suffer the bad luck of the dra— (Roger gets up from his desk) Hey, hey, hey! Hey, wait! Wait a minute! You're s'posed to stay still for a good inatoring!
Roger: Aw, but I just realized I haven't said hello to your little platypus friend.
Doofenshmirtz: Careful. He gets a little testy if you wake him up from his nap too soo— (The floor creaks and Perry suddenly wakes up.) Uh oh.
(Perry attacks Doof.)
Roger: Aw, yes. I'm not a morning person either.

(Cut back to City Hall where Perry is beating the youknowwhat out of Doof. Doof throws his inator away and Perry destroys the pack on his back.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh no. Now my luck's gonna go back to normal...which is, of course, bad!

(Cut to Doof outside City Hall.)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, my luck may be back to normal but at least I still have an entire trunk full of delicious almond brittle. (Opens a can and fake snakes pop out.) Ugh. Mental note: Never accept canned confections from a guy in a clown suit.

Doofelations Season 4:206 | Return Policy

(Cut to Agent P's lair, where a badly shaven Monogram is onscreen. Agent P drops in his chair.)
Major Monogram: Morning, Agent P. As you can see, I, uh, I've had a little shaving mishap with this defective electric razor. Just not comfortable with my eyebrows moving independently of each other.
Carl: (offscreen) But you are rockin' the reverse mohawk, sir!
Major Monogram: Get with it, Carl! The hip kids call it a "hawkmo". Anyhow, Agent P, retail stores all across the Tri-State Area are reporting a huge influx of returned faulty items and, coincidentally, (shot of Doof whistling with an inator waiting on line is shown onscreen) Doofenshmirtz has been spotted at customer service counters. (Monogram reappears onscreen.) I have a hunch that these two unrelated things may just be related! Now go find out if Doofenshmirtz has anything to do with this! Also, find out if anyone is actually calling it a "hawkmo" and, if not, please get that started!

(Cut to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(Cut to inside. Perry drops down on the floor, only to be trapped by a clearance sale sticker that says "Clearance - $1.99 - Price Slashed!".)
Doofenshmirtz: Aha! Consider yourself marked down! Handy little shopping device, isn't it? Anyway, you're gonna love this segue, Perry the Platypus! All of my broken inator parts were messing up the feng shui of my apartment. (Whip pan to a Chinese guy pushing a bonsai in a vase out of the way. Cut back to Doof.) Thanks, Larry! (To Perry) My feng shui consultant. To keep my chi in balance, I came up with this. Behold! The Back-to-the-Store-inator! Now instead of waiting in those ridiculously long lines at the return counter, I scan each item (he scans an item and it disappears) and presto! It's transported back to the store where I bought it!

(Cut back to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: And here's the best part, Perry the Platypus: I get a cash refund deposited directly into my pockets. No banking necessary. (A cash register is heard dinging as several coins appear in Doof's pockets.) The only flaw is that the refunds come in pennies. Y'know, sometimes, I don't really think through the functionality of these things.

Doofenshmirtz: Ah, very resourceful, Perry the Platypus! Using coupons to cut prices! Hey! (Perry jumps on the inator and it activates.) N-N-Not my baseball card collection! No!
(Cut to a trading card store. The collection gets zapped to the counter.)
Counter Guy 2: Yes! I told you genies were real, Sheila...wherever you are.
(Cut back to the fight.)
Doofenshmirtz: Aw, man, you have no idea how much that was worth! (Kaching!) Although, judging by the jingling— (Perry hits him) Ow!

(Cut back to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Aw, man, not my new flat-screen! (Kaching!) Hey, no way! I paid way more for that TV! (Doof falls backwards and breaks a part of the inator with his back. The machine malfunctions and goes haywire zapping randomly.) Hey, wha? Ow! Ow!

(Cut to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) Y'know, chasing's not much of an option with my pants full of pennies. (Cut to inside to reveal Doof's pants pretty much about to explode.) Ah, well, live and learn. (An inator beam fires, Perry uses a picture of Doof to deflect it and it fires at Doof. His clothes disappear, but his underpants and pennies don't.) 'Least you hit my clothes and not me. I wonder what happens if a person— (Another beam hits Doof.)

(Cut to the hospital room seen in the flashback from "Raging Bully". Doof appears in the arms of a male nurse.)
Doofenshmirtz: Drusselstein. Hmm. Curse you, Perry the Platypus, and my wretched, wretched life.

Doofelations Season 4:207 | Live and Let Drive

(Wipe to Montevillebad, with the Olson Martin driving down the road.)
Caption: Montevillebad...After the wipe
(Cut to Perry now wearing a tux in the car. A monitor showing Monogram's image appears on the dashboard.)
Major Monogram: Hello again, Agent P. International intel has indicated that Doofenshmirtz is planning to sabotage Paolo Vanderbeek and enter the Grand Prix himself. (Cut to Perry driving.) So, we need you to find out what Doof is up to while Carl and I keep an eye on Vanderbeek here at the race track incognito. (Cut to Monogram, now wearing a fake black mustache.) Nifty disguise, huh? Gives me a continental look, don't you think? Anyway, Doofenshmirtz is at the casino L'Hotel Uber-Swank.
(Cut to L'Hotel Uber-Swank. The Olson Martin pulls up to the valet.)
♪ Doofenshmirtz at a casino. ♪

(Cut to the casino.)
Croupier: Monsieur in the lab coat and bow tie wins again.
Doofenshmirtz: Man, I am on a roll!
Agent Double 0-0: (gets up) Stupid game. I'll never play it again.
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, never say never! Who's next? (Cut to Perry who takes a stick of bubblegum and chews it seriously and blows a bubble.) Oh, a mysterious platypus to take my challenge. Okay, I'll go first.
(Cut to the table to reveal they are playing tic-tac-toe. Doof puts down an x in the bottom center square. Perry puts an O above it. Doof blocks it on the right with another X. Perry puts an O below that X. Doof puts another X to the left of the center O. Perry flips the O card dramatically in the corner. He wins.)
Croupier: Jeu de morpion! Monsieur Platypus in the tuxedo wins!
Doofenshmirtz: What?!
Bouncer: Monsieur, there are no pets allowed in the casino.
Doofenshmirtz: What? He's not my mysterious platypus. I didn't bring him in here! I just—Oh, oh, you mean the cat. (Doof takes a white cat from under the table and leaves.) Yeah, my bad.

(Cut to a binoculars POV shot of a helicopter landing on a yacht. Cut to reveal Perry looking through the binoculars. He puts the car in drive and it splashes into the water. He presses a button on the car, and it turns into a scuba suit. He swims up to the yacht and takes off his scuba suit. He presses a button on the suit and it folds up into a handkerchief. He puts it in his pocket and walks up the stairs and chatters at Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: (gasp) The mysterious platypus from the casino! (Perry puts on his fedora.) Perry the Mysterious Platypus from the Casino?!?!? Betcha tired of standing 'round, aren't you? (Doof pushes a button and traps Perry in a pile of tires.) See? Tires. I thought it apropos, you know, this being the Grand Prix and all. Wait 'till you see my new lair! (The yacht drives into a cave tunnel.) Not too shabby. Hey, Norm, I'm back!
Norm: Look what I found! Metal teeth!
Doofenshmirtz: Uch, you've always had metal teeth, Norm.
Norm: Yes, but these are sharp.
Doofenshmirtz: What does that matter? You can't open your mouth. Here, grab Perry the Platypus. Isn't this place fabulous? I found it through an international lair exchange website. It's even got its own rocket. Y'know, I think I might've gotten the better end of this deal.

(Cutaway to an evil villain in Doof's bathroom, where the toilet has a clog. He sighs and puts a plunger into his hook-hand. Cut back to Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: Anyway, you're gonna love it. I was so impressed, I commissioned a whole new jingle!
(A female singer rises from the floor.)
(Song: Doof's Evil Hideout Vacation Swap)
Singer: ♪ Doofenshmirtz Swanky New Evil Lair! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, it's swanky!
Singer: ♪ It's an even swap, ♪
♪ A variation on a timeshare ♪
♪ He can use the kitchen and the hallway closet ♪
♪ Don't touch the rocket or you'll lose your deposit ♪
♪ It's an old-school evil hideout vacation swap. ♪

♪ It's a swanky new evil hideout vacation ♪
♪ An old school evil hideout vacation ♪
♪ Yes, it's Doofenshmirtz evil hideout vacation swap. ♪
Doofenshmirtz: (dancing) Yeah, look at these swanky moves!
Singer: ♪ Vacation swap! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: Thanks, Cheryl! (to the viewer) My real estate agent. (to Perry) So, my evil plan. As you may know, the Montevillebad Grand Prix is a goodwill event with all the prize money awarded to the winner's favorite charity. So, I entered the race for my favorite charity, Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated...namely me! I'm the Doofenshmirtz...in Doofenshmirtz Evil...Well, you get it. And check it out! (Shows his race car on the monitor.) I've re-engineered my Boomshlaka 320-I to meet the Grand Prix specs. I also added some extras that should take care of, like, 99% of the playing field. But then there's still that 1%, Paolo Vanderbeek. But, uh, I got something else to take care of him. Behold, my I-Don't-Care-inator! (beat) It's not that I don't care. It creates apathy in whoever it hits. It's a little esoteric, I know, but, trust me, it'll work. I'll just zap Paolo with this baby and suddenly he won't care about anything and, uh, least of all, racing. I'll turn the King of Care into the King of I Couldn't Care Less, which will pave the way for me to win the race and the prize money for my favorite charity, which, I think I said before, is me. Now, before I go, lest you try to escape, I'll show you one more feature of this place. (He presses a button that says "Shark Tank".) Look, it's got its own shark tank! (laughter) (Cut to Norm wearing a rocket helmet. Doof straps into a seat on the robot.) Okay, then, I'm off to the races...literally! (Norm launches.) Hasta la pasta, baby!
(A shark swallows Perry whole.)

(Cut to Doof on Norm.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha ha! What a shot! Norm, set me down next to the registration booth and you go get the car ready.
Norm: Roger wilco, sir!

(Cut back to the race.)
Adrian: Wait a second. There seems to be a last minute entry. A Heinz Doofen...Doofen.... Ih...hopeless with Drusselsteinian names.
Nigel: Hand it over, mate. Let's see. (takes the script from Adrian and reads it) "Dorkenshmitz"?
Ian: D-Doofen...Doofenshmuntz, Doofenshmuntz. Oh, that's utterly ridiculous.
Adrian: Whatever his name is, he's no Vanderbeek. That's for sure.
Nigel: There's the flag! And they're off!
(Perry walks onto the race track.)
Major Monogram: Psst, Agent P, over here! Doof has shot Vanderbeek with some kind of—oh, right, he probably monologued his scheme to you already. Anyhow, we need you to take Vanderbeek's place in the race, get that inator, and get back here to reverse its effect, so Vanderbeek can finish the race and defeat Doofenshmirtz. Carl has been trying to convince Vanderbeek to get back in the race using his sophisticated powers of persuasion.
(Cut to Carl also wearing a mustache with Vanderbeek.)
Carl: C'mon, pretty please? Pretty please with a cherry on top? I'll be your best friend!
Major Monogram: Yeah, you better get goin', Agent P. You can use the disguise setting on your Olson Martin. (Perry takes his Olson Martin out of his pocket, pushes a button, and it turns into Vanderbeek's mustache. He puts it on.) Wow, the resemblance is uncanny! Good luck, Agent P!
(The fake Vanderbeek gets into the real Vanderbeek's car and starts the engine.)
Nigel: What's this? Hello! It looks like Paolo Vanderbeek is back in the race!

(Cut back to the race.)
Doofenshmirtz: Let's see if I can rub this guy the wrong way. (He laughs as he rams a car.) Nice bumpin' into ya! Maybe it's time to use a little elbow grease. (He pushes a button and some grease spews out of the back of his car causing the car to slide right out of the race.) Alright, smoke 'em if you got 'em! (Black smoke spews out of the exhaust pipe.)
Nigel: Approaching the Phillips' head turn, millimetrically perfect!
Adrian: Or .04 inches perfect for backwards people who don't use the metric system.
Nigel: Dumpendork is gonna have his work cut out for him if he wants to stay in the lead.
Doofenshmirtz: Paolo Vanderbeek? He's back? Eh, looks like I'm gonna have to through the works at him. There ya go. (The exhaust pipe flips open throwing everything...and the kitchen sink which the car dodges.)
Nigel: I say, that is an unprecedented amount of contact shunts and shenanigans!
Adrian: Shenanigans?
Ian: You don't think there's some sort of foul play afoot.
(Cut to the announcers' booth.)
Adrian: In Grand Prix racing? Don't be ridiculous!
Nigel: That kind of thing only happens in cartoons.
(Cut back to the race.)
Doofenshmirtz: Looks like somebody needs another shot of the I-Don't-Care-inator. (The car runs over some parts and the inator slips out of Doof's hand.) What? Uh-oh! That's mine! (Perry catches the inator.)
Adrian: And that last contact has put Doofenshmuntz spinning across the course!
Nigel: And Vanderbeek is pulling into the pits! What is wrong?
(Cut to Monogram and Carl still with the real Vanderbeek.)
Carl: Come on, whatta ya, chicken? Bagawk!
(Perry arrives with the inator.)
Major Monogram: Good work, Agent P! Now we just need you to...Oh, okay, yeah, you got it covered, too.
(Perry puts the inator in reverse and zaps Vanderbeek.)
Vanderbeek: Bocce balls! I cannot disappoint my fans!
(Cut back to Doof in the mud as Norm pushes him out.)
Ian: Doifenshmuntz has got himself going again with the help of an extremely large metal pit crew member.
(Cut back to the announcers' booth.)
Nigel: This is, without a doubt, the weirdest race I've ever seen.
(Cut to Vanderbeek getting into his car.)
Vanderbeek: Grazie tonto, little beaver-duck guy! I'm-about to win-a!
Ian: And Paolo is back on the course!
Adrian: He'll have to really put his foot in if he wants to catch Doofenshmintz by the end of the race!
(Cut to Doofenshmirtz laughing.)
Doofenshmirtz: Not to make excuses, but sometimes, it's okay to be a little bit tacky. (He pushes a button and a bunch of tacks come out of the front, piercing his own tires.) Oh, maybe the tacks are supposed to be in the back.
Adrian: Dirkenshplurtz has run himself off the course completely!
(The car lands in a pool.)
Pool Guy: Gladys, j'ai une autre. (Subtitle: Gladys, we have another one.)
Nigel: And Vanderbeek pushes past just in time to seize the checkered flag! Well done!

(Cut back to the race. Doof runs onto the track all wet.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, did I win? (He takes off his helmet, which splashes more water onto him.) Oh, wait, no! Curse you, Paolo Vanderbeek! Y'know, that just doesn't roll off the tongue the way "Perry the Platypus" does. Perry the Platypus, Perry the Platypus.
(Cut to the announcers' booth.)
Adrian: And, on that bombshell, we bid farewell from glamorous Montevillebad!

Singer: ♪ Doofenshmirtz Swanky New Evil Lair! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, it's swanky!
Singer: ♪ It's an even swap, ♪
♪ A variation on a timeshare ♪
♪ He can use the kitchen and the hallway closet ♪
♪ Don't touch the rocket or you'll lose your deposit ♪
♪ It's an old-school evil hideout vacation swap. ♪

Doofelations Special:208 | Phineas and Ferb Save Summer

(Cut to an exterior shot of the Knights of Danville Hall.)
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) Nice goin', Norm! (Cut to backstage where Doof is having a talking-to to Norm.) Next time someone asks for volunteers to host the L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N. Service Awards, say your own name, Mr. Blabbermouth!
Norm: But, sir, I made all the arrangements for you.
Doofenshmirtz: Yes, and a fine job you did, too. We are sharing the space with another event!
Norm: What's wrong with that?
Doofenshmirtz: What's wrong with it? Do you realize what would happen if all the other evil organizations found out we were sharing? They'd be all, "Oh, look! There goes L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N.! They share! They're cocky and uncoordinated and don't wear name-brand jeans!" "Well, maybe people can't afford designer jeans, Julie!"
(beat)
Norm: Wow, that was...
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I heard it.
Norm: Well, don't worry, sir. No one will know it's our event. We're registered as the "Hatfield Wedding Reception".
Doofenshmirtz: Well, let's hope nobody knows it's us. (walks off) Now, get out of my way, you perfunctory party planner.

(Cut to a panning shot of Ballroom B as it is revealed that both OWCA and L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N. are sharing the space.)
Carl: (offscreen) Sir, may I offer you one of my budget-saver hors d'oeuvres before you go on? It's an old family recipe. Strips of bologna and wadded-up white bread.
Major Monogram: Where exactly are you from?
Carl: Chula Vista.
Major Monogram: Hmmm. Nevermind, Carl. It's showtime! (Cut to the stage) Hello, everyone! Welcome to the O.W.C.A. Graduation Ceremony!
(All the OWCA agents make excitable noises. Cut to the other space. Doof walks onstage.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hello, and welcome to L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N.'s first annual... (The agents' cheering is still heard. Doof speaks louder.) I said, L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N.'s FIRST ANNUAL DISSERVICE AWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARDS!!! So, who's ready to have some fun?
Major Monogram: What the heck is all that racket? I'm just gonna go over there and tell them to keep it down. I'll be polite but firm. (He opens the divider to reveal Doof, as a record scratch is heard, then he closes it up again.) Huh. What are the odds?
Doofenshmirtz: (reopening the divider) Wait, you're the Capulet Bar Mitzvah?
Major Monogram: You're the Hatfield Wedding?
(The agents and the villains make angry noises.)
Major Monogram: Alright, everyone, take it easy. Just calm down. No reason to get upset. We've got a massive security deposit on this place. So, everybody just...
Parrot: Rawk! Polly wants a streetfight!
Major Monogram: (offscreen) Defenestrate!
(A huge western-style fight breaks out, which is interrupted by a man opening the ballroom door.)
Man: Hup! Sorry to interrupt, I'll come back when you're done.
(The man leaves and the fight resumes.)
Major Monogram: We are so gonna lose our deposit.

(Cut to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(The doorbell rings, and Doof answers.)
Doofenshmirtz: Just a minute, I'm mopping. (opens the door) Oh, hello, Perry the Platypus, long time, no see. Say, that was some morning we had, huh? Too bad about Major Monogram, but the show must go on or a bird in the bush, eh-eh, I dunno. (Perry gets trapped in hardening foam.) Ha! You like that? It's a gift...foam-a me to you! Get it? As much as I like our little visits, you didn't need to come over. Actually, I'm not even trying to take over the Tri-State Area today. Y-You see, I have a problem. I am very fair-skinned. I don't know if you have noticed. I always have to use SPF 120 sunscreen even on a cloudy day or I'll burn. I mean, I'll actually burst into flames. And I got this whole crate on sale, and, and look, it's all 110 SPF! I thought I was getting 120! This is not gonna work. So rather than return this whole mess, which means I'd have to get in the car, drive down there, wait in line, then answer a bunch of questions about the delicacy of my epidermis, I'm just gonna move the Earth away from the sun just enough that the 110 will work. Simple. And to that end, I have created, tada!, my Shift-The-Earth's-Position-Further-Away-From-The-Sun-inator! Eh? I know. The name's a little cumbersome, but it's basically a tractor beam that uses the mass of Jupiter as an anchor to pull the Earth just slightly away from the sun to render my sunscreen effective. Eh. I guess my fortune cookie was right. I do tend to overcomplicate things. (picks up fortune) I wonder if that means these lottery numbers are--
(Perry punches Doof and the fight is on. Doof swipes his mop and Perry rides on it.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hmm? (Perry taps Doof's shoulder and grabs his nose.)
(Doof swipes the mop and Perry slides backwards on the crate and slams into the fire button on the inator. It works. It functions properly.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hee hee hee! You fired my inat-- (gets splashed by the wet mop)

(Cut to an abandoned animal shelter. Monty is seen climbing up a pipe and into the building.)
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) Now, why do we always have to meet in drafty abandoned warehouses? I mean, why can't we meet in a drafty abandoned poolside cabana?
Dr. Bloodpudding: Oh ho ho ho! I'm bananas for cabanas!
Dr. Diminutive: Right?
Rodney: Okay, enough of that! Gentlemen, it's time we pooled our resources! Both OWCA and City Hall are in a panic and I believe now is the time to strike! Now, the last time we confronted those OWCA agents, we barely got out of there with our lives! (The villains agree.) It's time to play dirty! We'll stealthily capture them one at a time and imprison them here!
Villain #1: Yeah!
Villain #2: Gang up on them!
Villain #3: We can make it a musical number!
Rodney: Secondly, no one under any circumstances, is allowed to say "bananas for cabanas."
Dr. Bloodpudding: (offscreen) Noted.
Rodney: And third, which one of you moved the Earth away from the sun and changed the weather?
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, that would be me?
Rodney: Doofenshmirtz? You've finally made an inator that actually works?
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, all of my inators work! It's just that, you know, I...I don't use them properly. I have poor planning skills. (takes out blueprints) But it was me. I've got the blueprints right here. (The villains all look in amazement.) Yeah, you see, just ignore the coffee stain or whatever that is. (sniffs) Uh, I think that's nacho cheese.
Rodney: Gentlemen, we will now begin our takeover of...the world!
Monty: (gasps, then covers his mouth)
Rodney: What was that?
(Cut to Monty.)
Dr. Diminutive: (offscreen) Maybe the building's settling.
Rodney: (offscreen) So to you, a building settling sounds like someone inhaling sharply?
Dr. Diminutive: (offscreen) Well, I live in a strange building.
Monty: I've got to warn Carl.
Rodney: (offscreen) Okay, tell me you didn't hear that!
Dr. Diminutive: (offscreen) Still the building settling.
Rodney: (offscreen) So our building has a sudden urge to warn Carl?

(Cut to the abandoned warehouse where Agent O gets trapped.)
Rodney: There we go! With that, we've captured all of OWCA's agents.
Doofenshmirtz: Almost all of them. Remember Perry the Platypus. He's still out there somewhere.
Rodney: Thank you for reminding me, Dr. Bringdown.
Villain #4: Excuse me, I'm Dr. Bringdown!
Rodney: Put a sock in it, David! (to Doof) Time to get to our press conference! Soon, the world will bow to us, like Doofy's neck bows to his back.
(The other villains laugh.)
Dr. Diminutive: His posture's poor.
Doofenshmirtz: Nice.
Rodney: Come on, Slouchy! Let's make ourselves some demands!

(cut to City Hall with the Evil Demands)
Man #2: Your fall is ruining summer.
Woman #2: You made me buy a blanket with sleeves!
Man #3: My toilet seat's cold.
Doofenshmirtz: Ladies and gentlemen of the press, kindly put a cork in it. So you've probably figured out that the Earth has moved away from the sun.
Rodney: And we at L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N. are responsible. And now, we're here to extort you. And to that end, let me introduce you to Señor Killbot.
(Dr. Killbot walks in)
Dr. Killbot: ¿Donde esta la biblioteca? ("Where is the library?")
Rodney: You know, in case any of you extortees speak Español. We don't want to leave anyone out.
Dr. Killbot: ¿Qué te parece mi bordado? ("Do you like my embroidery?")
Audience: Awwww...
Female: Aw, that's cute.
Doofenshmirtz: And that's our new logo. Foreboding, yet comforting. So basically, if you want us to put the Earth back in its proper orbit, you have to meet our list of demands. Number 1: the minimum height to get on any rollercoaster will now be this high. (puts his hand three inches over Dr. Diminutive's head) (Diminutive puts Doof's hand on the very top of Diminutive's head) I mean that high. Number 2: pretzels.
Rodney: Really? That's how you give demands?
Doofenshmirtz: What? What was wrong with that? I was gonna go for one of those big tubs from Lotsmo.
Rodney: You sounded like a bashful Santa Claus pitching softballs to a girl in a bikini.
Doofenshmirtz: Alright, number four... Wait, you don't know what that sounds like!
Rodney: Stand aside. (pushes Doof away from the podium) Listen, you dogs, with one small inator...
Doofenshmirtz: My inator!
Rodney: ...we've moved the Earth into an early autumn. Now, we, the collective scientific genius of L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N., have created an inizer ten times the size and strength! Capable of moving the Earth so far away from the sun, we'll bring about a new ice age! So, if you value your puny lives, you will meet all the demands on our list or pay the consequences!
Doofenshmirtz: Is it just me or is this getting out of hand?
Dr. Killbot: Quiera lucha tu casa. ("I want to fight your house.")

(Cut back to the abandoned warehouse.)
Rodney: Well, that was fun. (closeup to reveal Rodney and Doof carrying the grilled cheese flavored ice cream cones.) We should go get ice cream more often.
Doofenshmirtz: Didja have to order for all of us, Rodney? I'm not crazy about this new grilled cheese flavor.
Rodney: You get what you get and you don't get upset!
Doofenshmirtz: Wow, he's strict!
Rodney: I think we've given our world leaders enough time. Let's see if they submitted to our list of demands! (He activates the screen and several world leaders, including a dolphin, a Scottsman, a Chinese delegate, President Barack Obama, and a female Indian delegate appear onscreen.) Well, what have you got to say for yourselves?
President Obama: Uh...you'll be happy to know that we've...uhhhh...met all of your demands, except for the...uhhhhhhh....pretzel thing.
Rodney: What?! How dare you!! Do you know what this means?!
President Obama: Look, we're sorry. Uh...We had them, but the Vice President left the tub on the roof of the car, and we...uhhhhhhhh...
Rodney: No pretzels, no deal!
(He punches the red button. Cut to a view of the Earth.)
Rodney: (offscreen) You have doomed the Earth to perpetual winter!

(Open on a view of the now frozen Earth.  A caption on screen reads "August..." Crossfade to the pyramids of Egypt, now covered in snow. Crossfade to Danville, also completely frozen. Fade in on L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N.'s headquarters.)
Rodney: (offscreen) Now the world knows that L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N.'s not an organization to be trifled with!
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) Yeah, meanwhile, you may have plunged the Earth into another ice age.
(Cut to Doof and Rodney.)
Rodney: The world is ours for the taking!
Doofenshmirtz: But this is crazy talk! I-I'm an evil scientist, not a mad scientist! Th-There's a difference! Subtle, I grant you, but, still, y'know, I don't really like the new direction this organization is taking and I think we need a little fresh air. (he walks out)
Rodney: You also need a chiropractor, Slouchy!
(The villains laugh.)
Dr. Diminutive: Good one! Because he slouches!

(Cut to a homeless and unkempt Monogram outside a building talking to a rat.)
Monogram: And as an agent, you get to wear a nifty fedora. I made that one out of an old newspaper. Yes, sir, OWCA is perfect for a guy like you, but-but, sadly, not for me.
(Doof walks up to Monogram.)
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, things are tough all over, bub.
Monogram: What? Doofenshmirtz?!
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, do...do I know you? (Monogram puts two fingers on his nose where his mustache once was.) Major Monogram? Francis, what happened to you? Look...y-y-y-you're a washed-up mess! This whole weather thing is your fault, you know!
Monogram: My fault?!
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, technically, it's my fault. But if you weren't sitting around in a cold alley whining to rats and feeling sorry for yourself, this whole situation wouldn't have gotten so out of control! Before, I was a regular evil scientist, and now, suddenly, I'm part of this big organization of supervillains bent on world domination! I'm not comfortable with that! The point is you should've been there to stop me! And you weren't! (He puts two pennies into Monogram's tin cup and walks away.)
Monogram: (picking up the cup) Huh, two cents.

(Cut to the OWCA agents in their cells. The rat agent that Monogram was talking to makes his way in and takes a bobby pin and unlocks the cell holding Peter the Panda. Peter opens his cell and the rat puts on his newspaper fedora.  The two agents salute each other. Cut to the headquarters. Doof enters.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, I've had time to think it over and we need to put the world back. I, for one, do not want to live in a perpetual winter! (pushes Rodney) Scoot over, Rodney.
Rodney: Your betrayal doesn't surprise me, Heinz. (pushes Doof) Step aside!
Doofenshmirtz: (fighting over the controls) Wh-What are you doing?
(The platform the inizer is on begins to raise.)
Rodney: Just to show you who's boss, I'm going to move the Earth even further from the sun!

(Cut back to Doof and Rodney's fight.)
Rodney: Oh, this is just ridiculous! You and I should just... (points somewhere) Oh, look! A Horse in a Bookcase!
Doofenshmirtz: A what?
(Rodney pushes Doof away and he lands on a wall, with a mop falling on his head.)
Rodney: Ha! Now to move the Earth into a new ice age!

(Cut back to Rodney.)
Rodney: There. I've disabled the reverse switch and the self-destruct button. So there's no—
(Rodney gets whacked by Doof with the mop.)
Doofenshmirtz: Nobody messes with my self-destruct button! (He sticks the mop's handle into the inizer and tries to lift it up.) You make a pretty good fulcrum there, Rodney.

(Cut back to the warehouse.)
Major-in-Charge Carl: Look, Doofenshmirtz is trying to destroy the inator!
Monogram: Come on! He needs help!
(They run up to Doof and jump on the mop. The inator lifts up, deactivates, and falls off the roof. Shot of the Earth going back in the right direction. Cut to Candace falling over. Cut to Linda, Lawrence and Saul falling over. Cut to Doof, Monty, and the rest falling over. Monogram falls off the roof but Major-in-Charge Carl grabs his hand.)
Major-in-Charge Carl: Hang on, sir!
Monty: Nice catch, Carl!
(Cut to Roger still on the City Hall roof holding onto the flagpole.)
Roger: I don't know what's going on anymore.

(Cut back to the warehouse roof, where Monty takes away Rodney.)
Monty: Come on, Roddenstein! You're comin' with me!
Rodney: (to Doof) See ya later, Slouchy!
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, well y— Ugh! I can never come up with anything quick enough!
Monogram: Doofenshmirtz, you just saved the world. Thank you.
Doofenshmirtz: You're welcome, Francis. Put 'er there! (Monogram holds his hand out, but Doof pulls his away) Psych! (laughs) I'm still evil! (walks away laughing)
Monogram: Yes. Yes, you are.
(An OWCA helicopter is heard approaching. Colonel Contraction drops down from the ladder.)
Colonel Contraction: Well, Monogram, nice work.
Monogram: Thank you, sir.
Colonel Contraction: Unfortunately, we're still not getting our deposit back on that rental hall and that's really broken the budget. I'm afraid we have to close OWCA.
Major-in-Charge Carl: Sir, why don't you start a new agency?
Monogram: Good idea! What do we call it?
Major-in-Charge Carl: (checks his phone) Oh, looks like the name "OWCA" just became available! Oh, and so did their old building!
Monogram: Great! We'll call our new organization that and move there!
Major-in-Charge Carl: Good idea, sir!
Monogram: And to keep costs down, we're gonna have to cut some management positions. Colonel Contraction, your services will no longer be required.
Colonel Contraction: Yeah, well, that's to be expected.
(The helicopter takes off. Major-in-Charge Carl takes off his mustache.)
(*From here on in, Monogram and Carl will now be called their usual names.*)
Carl: I think this belongs to you, sir.
Major Monogram: You keep that one, Carl. (He concentrates and instantly grows back his mustache.)
Carl: Welcome back, sir.

Doofelations Season 4:209 | Father's Day

(cut to Perry as he enters by using a playground set and hovers in the air)
Major Monogram: Morning, Agent P. I see you're trying out the new SFU 2000. It's a lot of fun, but don't let your duties slide.
Carl: Agent P, what do you think of his Father's Day gift?
Major Monogram: Yes, it's a lovely tie, but I'm not your father! (to Perry) Anyhoo, Doofenshmirtz has plans to gum up the entire Tri-State Area. And we need you to check it out. Good luck, Agent P.
(Perry slides down the slide into the Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated building)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(Perry gets trapped with gum)
Doofenshmirtz: Gotcha, Perry the Platypus! If you think this is a sticky situation, you better hold on to that fedora. Behold, the Gum-Under-The-Shoe-inator! I took all the wadded up chewing gum in the entire Tri-State Area and fed it into this -inator. Yeah, I know, it's really unsanitary. Why don't people just throw the chewing gum in the trash? Huh?
(Doofenshmirtz and Perry get shot by the -inator)
Doofenshmirtz: (sighs) Today just isn't my day. It's Father's Day. It's the hardest of the greeting card company holidays for me. My issues with Father's Day began back when I was a child.
(Flashback from Lawn Gnome Beach Party of Terror.)
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) Those were lean times for my father and our beloved lawn gnome was repossessed.
(End flashback.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, I know you've heard that one before, but...twice actually...but I really think that this is where my relationship with my father went awry.
(Resume flashback.)
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) I mean, he made me be that lawn gnome!
Mr. Doofenshmirtz: Bewegen sie nicht! ("Don't move!")
(End flashback.)
Doofenshmirtz: I mean, he was really specific, too. He made me memorize the serial number of that particular lawn gnome. (While he talks, Perry goes onto the computer and opens the Lawn Gnome Tracker app.) DAEHM23. If only there was some way to reunite him with, y'know, that specific lawn gnome, maybe he and I could start again. (Looks at the computer.) DAEHM23?! You found him with an online gnome tracker? Wow, there really is an app for everything now, isn't there? Well, let's see. It says it's still in Drusselstein! Now I can heal the old wounds between my father and me! (gets up and walks but is stuck to the chair) Oh, man that is one of my most brilliant ideas yet! (His pointy nose pops the huge bubble made from the gum.)

(Cut back to D.E.I. as the roof opens.)
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) I know traveling by cannon is a little unconventional...
(Cut to reveal Doof wearing a pilot's uniform and carrying Perry in a baby carrier and climbing into a giant cannon.)
Doofenshmirtz (cont'd): ...but the cannon place was going out of business, so I got them at a volume discount. (lights the fuse) Hang on. (The cannon fires.) Woohoo!
(Vanessa arrives at the door with a basket.)
Vanessa: Happy Father's Day, Dad! Dad?
(Cut to an airborne Doof and Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: Sorry for the lack of inflight meals or entertainment, Perry the Platypus, but one cannon can only go so far, so I set up a worldwide network.
(They land in another cannon somewhere in a field and take off again. Cut to a canon on an island. Doof and Perry miss their target and land in the water.)
Doofenshmirtz: Aw man! Missed it by that much!

(Cut to Drusselstein where Doofenshmirtz and Perry finally land...on a cat no less.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Drusselstein! This way, Perry the Platypus. (Doof and Perry get up and the cat meows. Cut to outside Ye Olde Pawn Shoppe.) Okay, so the gnome tracker located my father's long lost lawn gnome to this location. (He opens the door and gasps.) There it is! (He picks up a lawn gnome, but it talks.)
Gnome: Hey, put me down!
Doofenshmirtz: Ah! I thought you were my father's lawn gnome.
Gnome: No worries. I get that all the time. Probably due to my height combined with my eccentric fashion choices.
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, yeah. Huh. Well, I'm looking for DAEHM23.
Gnome: (picks up the real lawn gnome behind him) Oh, yeah, it's been here for years. Here you go.
Doofenshmirtz: It is you! My father will be so happy! Well, maybe not happy, but anything is an improvement over surly and dismissive. Let the father-son healing begin! (He arrives at the old Doofenshmirtz house and takes Perry out of the baby carrier.) Wish me luck, Perry the Platypus! (Perry smiles and gives him a thumbs-up.)
(Cut to inside the house.)
Doofenshmirtz: (knocks and opens the door) Hello? Father? You're never going to guess what I brought y— (He trips on the floor mat and the gnome shatters to pieces.)
Doofenshmirtz's Dad: Oh, hello, Heinz.
Doofenshmirtz: (sadly) Hello, Father.
Doofenshmirtz's Dad: I see you've brought me assorted broken bits of pottery for Father's Day. Well, I suppose it's the thought that, um...counts. Your brother, Roger, remembered how much I loved that old lawn gnome, so he sent me this. (walks up to a giant lawn gnome) Look, it also makes espresso. (The gnome opens a compartment door and an espresso spout pours some into a mug, which Doofenshmirtz's dad takes out and sips.) Delicious. But, you know, rubble is...a nice gift, too.
Doofenshmirtz: (voice breaking in tears) Alright...um...Happy Father's Day. And...okay, bye-bye. (leaves)
Doofenshmirtz's Dad: All zis way just to give me broken shards of potter— (gasps and sees the serial number) DAEHM23?!
(Cut to outside where Doof sits on the curb with Perry sadly.)
Doofenshmirtz: (sighs) Well, that could've gone better. (Perry consoles him.) Why do I even bother, huh? At least there's one relationship in my life that's worked out pretty well. Thanks for coming along, Perry the Platypus. Let's go home. (They walk away from the curb.) You are my rock. (Cut to a cannon.) And by that, I mean you're there for me, you're not made out of rock. You're actually made out of...well, platypus, probably. (They climb into the cannon, which fires.)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated ♪
(Doofenshmirtz walks up to the basket Vanessa left behind.)
Doofenshmirtz: (reading) "To the most evil dad in the whole world, Happy Father's Day. Love, Vanessa." Aw, a gift basket of switches and self-destruct buttons. (pushes a self-destruct button) That's my girl! (smiles)

(cut to Doof's dad; music starts; he attempts to repair a lawn gnome)
Doofenshmirtz's Dad: Bewegen sie nicht! ("Don't move!")

Doofelations Season 4:210 | Imperfect Storm

(Cut to the exterior of Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated, then to Doofenshmirtz holding a pair of binoculars.)
Doofenshmirtz: Enjoy your little welcome-to-Danville lunch and ladies. (Point of view shot from Doof.) For soon, Grulinda, you shall taste the wrath of--(Perry suddenly appears in front of binoculars) Perry the Platypus?! (Cut to Doof and Perry.) Oh, before I forget, I got you a little lair-warming gift. (Doof gives him a ring box. Perry opens it, and a yellow rope is tied tightly around him.) Ha ha! You fell for the old spring-loaded-cable-trap-hidden-in-a-ring-box trick. What the? Th-that's a thing. Obviously. I bet you're wondering why I'm spying on a garden party. (Cut to Doof.) OK, maybe not wondering, but I'm going to tell you anyway. (Flashback.)
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) It all started when I was a child, back in Drusselstein. There was this mean girl named Grulinda. Every day she would pour water on my head. (Young Grulinda laughs after pouring water over young Doofenshmirtz's head.) No matter where I was, (Young Grulinda again pours water over young Doofenshmirtz's head and laughs.) or what I was doing, (Young Grulinda again pours water over young Doofenshmirtz's head and laughs.)
Young and Present-day Doofenshmirtz: (together) Stop pouring water on me!
(in the flashback)
Mr. Doofenshmirtz: Bewege dich nicht! (Don't move!)
(End flashback.)
Doofenshmirtz: But by some wonderful twist of fate, (Doof shows Perry a magazine with a picture of an ugly girl and a beautiful one.) she has moved here to Danville! See? (reads caption underneath picture) Grulinda Boubenweir moves to Danville, party being held in her honor at Danville Park. (stops reading, cut to Doof and Perry.) And the party just started, I don't know how they got this picture in the magazine so quick. Eh, I guess they're trying to compete with the internet. (closes magazine) But, I digress! (cut to a giant bucket of water.) I can finally have my revenge! With this! (turns to Perry) The Sog-inator! (evil laugh) Now I will fly over her party, and douse her, with a lifetime of soggy humiliation! (pause) What? Oh, you think that it's petty that I held onto this grudge for so long. Oh, it's not petty. It's not. (looks at Perry sarcastically) It's evil or something; it's not petty.

(Cut to Danville Park, then pan up to Doofenshmirtz's hovering machine)
Doofenshmirtz: We should be over Grulinda's party any minute. Then it's soggy revenge time! (part of water from giant bucket falls off) Whoa! It's windy up here. If that keeps up, I don't have enough water to dump on her. (Perry thinks for a while, then bumps giant bucket on purpose. He does this one more time.) What? Did you hear that? (Perry just keeps quiet)

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz and his hovering machine.)
Doofenshmirtz: What's that noise? (the huge amount of water splashes onto the machine, causing Doofenshmirtz to hold on to the handle.) What the heck there? You've been dumping out my water? Oh, this had better not not be empty.

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz and his hovering machine again. Doofenshmirtz is climbing up onto the giant bucket of water using a ladder. Perry goes up onto the handle.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, watch it. (falls over) Ugh! Now watch the ailerons! (He falls into bucket again. He climbs out of the bucket. The bucket falls over and crashes onto the wind amplifier. It breaks, causing Doofenshmirtz to fly into the air carried by a huge amount of water. The water shoots into the clouds, and Doofenshmirtz falls back down to earth. Perry tears apart his trap, jumps off, and catches Doofenshmirtz by his left leg. The parachute goes off. As Perry and Doofenshmirtz fall, the storm clears, but Doofenshmirtz falls off again, and Perry is left with only his left shoe. He lands into a tree, and the tree flings him onto the ground, causing him to roll to Grulinda's party. He stops at a woman's feet, and thinks she is Grulinda.) Oh, you! I almost dumped a giant bucket of water on you and your party. And there was this whole mishap with the platyp- but I will get you next time! Revenge is a dish best served soggy, Grulinda!
Mean Woman: Uh, Grulinda's over there, bub.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, you're not... (turns to the other person -- the real Grulinda, who is astonishingly beautiful -- and clears throat) All right, Gruuuuuuu...
Grulinda Boubenweir: Wait! Is that... hold on one second. (reaches for glasses and puts them on, then gasps) Soggy bottom Heinz Doofenshmirtz! It is you.
Doofenshmirtz: Wow, you've changed. You used to be so... you know, what's the polite way to say... you know, like this one? (points to mean woman) Ugly.
Mean Woman: Oh oh, you're on my list now, buddy.
Doofenshmirtz: So why are you being so nice to me.
Grulinda: Nice? I don't understand.
Doofenshmirtz: You picked on me all through grade school.
Grulinda: (chuckles) I poured all that water on you, because I liked you.
Doofenshmirtz: Really? We, we, well I guess you must have liked me a lot, 'cause there was a lot of, you know, water.

(Cut to Grulinda and Doofenshmirtz holding hands.)
Grulinda: It is so good to see you after all these years, just look at you! Oh, come here, my little soggy bottom. (hugs Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Eh, well, eh, now, you hug now.
Grulinda: Oh, why are you all wet?
Doofenshmirtz: He, he, funny thing. I was flying over your party with a giant bucket of water, and this platypus hit me with a--
Grulinda: Why are you flying over my party with a big bucket of water?
(The mean woman appears)
Mean Woman: He's gonna dump on you for revenge.
Doofenshmirtz: OK, now you're on my list.
Grulinda: Revenge? For what?
Doofenshmirtz: Well, you know, you did dump water on me when we were little.
(The mean woman walks away.)
Grulinda: Heinz! I was eight! Have you been holding this petty grudge all these years?
(The mean woman reappears with a cup of water.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh no, it's not petty; I was explaining to the platypus earlier; it's not--
Grulinda: (angrily) Well, here you go. I pour water on your head. (pours water on Doof's head. She then throws the cup to Doof, and she and the mean woman walk away.)
(Zoom out to reveal Perry walking to Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait. Was that for the vengeance thing or do you still like me? (Water is thrown onto Doof. To Perry) Yeah, it was the vengeance thing. (a cup is thrown onto Doof.)

Doofelations Season 4:211 | The Return of the Rogue Rabbit

(Open up on a building with the Lady Justice statue on top it. A caption displays saying O.W.C.A.-TRAZ: SUPER SECRET MAXIMUM SECURITY PRISON. Crossfade to the cell holding a rather angry Dennis the Rabbit. Cut back to outside the building where Norm gets lowered down on a helicopter. He removes the statue of Lady Justice.)
(Song: "Doof 'N' Puss" (instrumental))
(A disco ball lowers from the helicopter into the hole and deflects the lasers. The bottom half of the disco ball juts in and a mechanical hand draws a circle on the cell and cuts through it, and a boot from it breaks the cell. A rope ladder then emerges from the ball, which Dennis climbs up. Cut back to the roof.)
Norm: All set, sir.
Doofenshmirtz: (laughing)

(Cut to Agent P's lair.)
Major Monogram: Agent P, we have a situation. Dennis the Rogue Agent, formerly our most wanted rodent—
Carl: (offscreen) Lagomorph, sir.
Major Monogram: What's that, Carl?
Carl: (offscreen) Sir, they used to be considered rodents, but were reclassified in the early twentieth century.
Major Monogram: Oh, well, I'll have to fix that then. Carl, run out and buy me a new set of encyclopedias.
Carl: (offscreen) A set of what, sir?
Major Monogram: Hmm. Anyway, Dennis, the most wanted lagomorph, miraculously escaped from O.W.C.A.'s maximum security prison sometime this morning. Evidence suggests that Dennis was snatched away by a ninja-disco-robot. If this isn't the work of Doofenshmirtz, (Perry takes off) then Carl will eat my hat.
Carl: (offscreen) Hey!

(Cut to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(Cut to inside, where Norm and Doof are standing by the disco ball.)
Doofenshmirtz: You can come out now, Dennis the Rabbit! (The disco ball opens revealing Dennis in cutesy animal mode.) Aw, look how cute! He's cute! (to Norm) Isn't he cute, Norm?
Norm: He's adorable! And so soft...and warm...and squishy!
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, back off, Lennie, you're creepin' me out! (to Dennis) And you, you're not fooling anybody with that cutesy stuff! I happen to know that you are a very bad bunny. And I am...like, totally cool with that! See, I want to defeat Perry the Platypus and take over the Tri-State Area, and what I think I'm lacking is a certain animal instinct to get the job done. You have animal instincts, but what you lack is the evil scientist technology. And that is something that I have. So using my evil scientist skills, I'll make it possible for you to defeat Perry the Platypus while I watch from a safe distance. And together, we'll take over THE TRI-STATE AREA!! Whadaya say? Are you with me? (Dennis holds up his fist.) Great! I always wanted a rodent for a partner.
Norm: (offscreen) Lagomorph, sir.
Doofenshmirtz: Gesundheit.

(Cut to Doof walking into a chamber.)
Doofenshmirtz: Now, before I let you loose on the O.W.C.A., this should make you much more formidable. (shows a backpack, but walks down the still moving up escalator) I like to call it my...my...my my my mymmymy (JANE! STOP THIS CRAZY THING!) I guess the escalator wasn't such a good idea after all. Oh, well. Live and learn. Anyway, I like to call it my Transmogrification-Backpack-inator! (straps it on Dennis) It'll give you a robotic exoskeleton that can transform into almost anything. And it's perfect to wear undercover, so no one will ever suspect. Except, maybe, to say, "Hey, look, there's a rabbit wearing a backpack." Go ahead! Give it a try! (A giant hand appears on Dennis' right paw, which blows a hole in the roof.) Hey! What the heck, man?! I live here! You can't go blowing holes in my stuff! (the robotic hand disappears) Now, try it again. (The inator produces a giant robotic body onto Dennis with huge hands, which he uses to hulksmash the floor.) Eh. Okay. Also, no smashing things in here! I'm gunna have to make a list for you, aren't I? (Dennis blasts off) Hey! Wait! Let me open the— (CRASH!) roof.

(Cut to Doof's living room.)
Doofenshmirtz: Time to see how my little friend is doing. (to the camera) You see, I installed a bunch of nanobot cameras on his backpack.
Norm: Who installed them?
Doofenshmirtz: It was my idea! (turns on the TV) Oh, there he is. And he's fighting a giant puppet girl. What? There's something very familiar about the way she fights. Wait a minute. (The puppet punches the camera and the screen goes to static.) Perry the Platypus?! (Gets off the chair) That does it! I'm going down there!

(Cut back to the fight.)
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) There he is, Norm! Down there! On top of the puppet! (Doof gets lowered on the rope ladder.) Lower! Perfect! (Falls down.) Aah! Gotcha! Heh heh! Give up, Perry the Platypus! You know nothing of puppetry— (Perry manipulates the puppet to punch Doof.) Ow! Okay, I-I admit it, y-you do have a certain knack for it. (Perry manipulates it some more. Wide shot to reveal Doof tied up in the strings.) Okay. Well, maybe, "knack" wasn't the right word. (Perry manipulates it to flick Doof off.) Oh no. No no! (Doof gets flicked off the head.) Whoa! (The puppet dives into the ocean.) Curse you, Perry the—blub! (Coughs.) Platypus. I was trying to say, "Platypus."

(Cut to underwater.)
Dennis: (gasps)
(Perry takes a laser from his fedora and cuts the dome holding Dennis. Dennis swims out of the suit and climbs onto the dock. Perry follows him.)
Doofenshmirtz: (drifting away on the puppet) Okay, I guess I'll see you both later. Unless I miss my guess, I'm on my way to...Norway, so, uh, take it easy, Dennis the Rogue Rabbit and uh, curse you, Perry the Platypus!
Candace: (offscreen) Mr. Patootie! (cut to Candace and Stacy) Where are you?
Stacy: There he is!
Candace: (gasps) Mr. Patootie! (runs off)
Stacy: (to the camera) Whadaya know? He was down at the docks.
Candace: Oh, Cutie Patootie, I'm so glad you're safe and sound!
Phineas: There you are, Perry! Cool, Candace, you found your rabbit.
Major Monogram: (appearing in disguise with Carl, also in disguise) Oh, look! There he is! My pet bunny, Mr. Bigelow! I've been lookin' everywhere for you! Get over here, you naughty lagomorph!
Candace: But he's... (to Phineas) Do I have to?
Phineas: Well, he is a lagomorph.
Candace: Oh, okay. (gives Dennis to Monogram) Here.
Major Monogram: You've been a bad little bunny. (walks off with Carl) Now let's get you back to your...special room.
Candace: I don't know. There was something weird about those two.
Phineas: Whadaya mean, Candace? Rabbit owners come in all shapes and sizes.
Candace: A flight helmet and cowboy boots?
Stacy: I think the tall one was wearing a wig.
Ferb: And the other one had a false mustache.
(A helicopter is heard whirring.)
Candace: Plus, they're leaving by helicopter.
(The helicopter flies away.)
Phineas: You do realize that none of those observations disprove my statement, right?
Ferb, Candace and Stacy: Yeah.

Doofelations Season 4:212 | It's No Picnic

(Perry secretly dives into a cereal box, and falls into his lair, followed by a heap of cereal.)
♪ Doo be doo be doo bah ♪
♪ Doo be doo be doo bah ♪
♪ Perry! ♪
Major Monogram: I see you've taken our new breakfast-themed lair entrance. It's the most important lair entrance of the day. Anyhoo, OWCA has surveillance footage of Doofenshmirtz raiding thrift-store dollar bins. Not sure if it's evil, but it's, just kind of pathetic. Get to the bottom of this, and stop Doof's potential poverty-driven criminal freakout. And um, how 'bout ya pick up a cup of coffee for him on your way over? It's on me. Use some petty cash. (Perry salutes, then leaves) I feel bad for the poor guy.

(Cut to the exterior of Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated as the Evil Jingle doorbell rings. Cut to inside, Perry is outside the door to Doofenshmirtz's apartment, holding a coffee cup. The door opens, Doofenshmirtz comes out, having a 5:00 shadow on his face.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, it's you, Perry the Platypus. (Perry presents him the coffee cup.) What? Oh, for me? (He takes it.) Oh, that's a nice gesture, thanks. (Perry walks inside.) A-and you even used the doorbell instead of just crashing through, like you usually do. Alright, really appreciate this, Perry the Platypus, 'cause you know, money's a little tight lately, I can't even rub two nickels together. (Cut to Perry standing on a white patch of floor, he continues offscreen) Although if I had two nickels, I don't think I could sit and rub them together. (While saying this, Perry stares at the screen, then eventually sinks into the floor.) Oh, oh yeah, you're trapped, Perry the Platypus, (Cut to him) it's quick hardening, non-dairy creamer. Like I said, I'm on a budget. I know what you're thinking, Perry the Platypus, how could this happen to such a (Close-up of a stern Perry, he continues offscreen) with-it guy like Heinz Doofenshmirtz? (Cut to him) Well, my ex-wife Charlene is out of the country on one of those...Extreme Eco-cultural Exploration Vacations. I -- I don't know what they do on those trips, but I imagine it's (crossfade to a still image of Charlene zip-lining with money flying out of her pocket, he continues offscreen) very expensive. (dissolve to her kayaking) Ugh, she's got some nerve! (cut to her hula dancing) That's -- that's my alimony she's throwing away! (cut back to he and Perry, he's showing him the images on his phone) And the worst is, she keeps texting me these pics! (puts it in his pocket, it beeps and vibrates) Oh, come on, really?! (walks offscreen) Anyway, the problem is I've already spent this month's alimony on my new -inator and -- (cut to him walking towards his new inator) and now I don't have enough money left to send Vanessa to the Grievance movie marathon she wants to see, and they're playing all the Grievance movies in order. They've got The Grievance, they've got Grievance 2: The Gripe, Grievance 3: Bone To Pick, and Grievance 4: The Revenge of the Italian Jug Band. You know, I don't think that last one is canon. Oh, what kind of father am I? Oh, oh, the shame is overwhelming, I can't even enjoy using my new Teleport-inator! (Music sting plays, ominous timpani follows) Nah, nah, I'm just not in the mood. Maybe tomorrow.
(Cut to a radio broadcast room where The Slacks stop playing the music)
Doofenshmirtz: And it was such a stellar plan, too. I was gonna use it to send City Hall, and consequently my brother Roger, back to Drusselstein, and out of his mayoral jurisdiction. No fuss, no muss, just bzzt, and he's gone, instantly. (Cut to Perry, who counts down on his fingers.) Ugh, if only if it were that easy to get Vanessa to the movie theater, wait -- (Perry points at him.) hey, wait a second! (looks at the giant dial on the inator) I could just add another setting to my Teleport-inator and send Vanessa directly to the theater, and completely bypass those ridiculously inflated movie ticket prices. Oh man, am I good! That deserves a victory sip. (drinks coffee) Egh! Wait—what is this, decaf? (cut to a put-out Perry) It's like you don't even know me!

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz working on the Teleport-inator.)
Doofenshmirtz: The fox hops over the log...the rabbit crawls under the log... (ties wires in a bow, closes compartment) okay, got it! Now, to send -- (falls off) Ahem. And now, to send my daughter to the movies! (horror music plays) Aw, you see, it's just doesn't work in this instance. You know what, you guys just take the rest of the day off.
(Cut to the Slacks)
Slack #1: Want to go see a movie?
Slack #2: Yeah, sure. How about Grievance 4?
(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey Vanessa, Pumpkin Pants. Can you come in here for a second? (turns knob, Vanessa enters) Good news, sweetie, I can send you to the movies after all!
Vanessa: Really? Dad, it's no big deal.
(On the end of this, Doofenshmirtz presses a button which activates the inator. Vanessa gets zapped, and disappears.)

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz.)
Doofenshmirtz: I did it! (Cut to Perry, who looks up at the coffee cup. He continues offscreen) And now that my super dad status is intact, it's time to take care of business! (Perry hops over to the table and grabs the cup.) And by business, (Perry takes the lid off the cup) I mean evil. (Perry pours the coffee on the creamer block, melting it.) It's time to set my sights on (Cut back to him) on City H -- (Perry kicks him, he slides down the inator.)
(The knob on the inator spins around, then fires at a flower vase on a table, making it disappear.)

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz, the Teleport-inator starts teleporting things everywhere.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hmm. I didn't count on an oscillate function, Somehow I...I don't think this bodes well for my plan.

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz and Perry's fight. Perry gets zapped by the Teleport-inator and disappears.)
Doofenshmirtz: What do you know? No more Perry the Platypus. Transported to some random location somewhere. (Perry reappears and punches his nose, he disappears.) Ow! What -- (Perry reappears behind him, grabbing his head.) OW!! OWEY!

(Cut back to D.E.I., Perry is still fighting Doofenshmirtz and the Teleport-inator is still firing.)
Doofenshmirtz: (groaning)
(The ray from the Teleport-inator hits the mirror again, it hits itself, plus Doofenshmirtz and Perry. They all disappear.)

(Cut to the picnic amusement park where the Teleport-inator and Doofenshmirtz and Perry appear.)
Doofenshmirtz: What happened? Something just happened. I smell bitterballen. Where are we? (Perry lifts his hands off his eyes.) Hey, not bad, I can totally go for a mid-afternoon walk. (Perry hops onto the Teleport-inator and looks at the self-destruct button.) What are you doing? (Perry turns the knob to the "home" setting.) CURSE YOU PERRY THE -- !
(The entire amusement park disappears, leaving behind a normal park landscape.)

Doofelations Season 4:213 | The Klimpaloon Ultimatum

(Cut to Perry putting on his fedora. He runs off and gets a yoga mat and meditates.)
♪ Doo bee doo bee doo bah ♪
♪ Doo bee doo bee doo bah ♪
Perry: (chatters)
(Psychedelic transition to a hilly plain. We hear Indian music. Major Monogram appears floating on a cloud with a third eye on his forehead, long flowing hair and a beard, wearing an Indian robe and playing a sitar.)
Major Monogram: Ah, Agent P, I see you got the memo. It's Transcendental Meditation Week. Namasté. (He bows and Perry bows back.) Doofenshmirtz has been spot—Carl, enough with the drumming!
(Whip pan to Carl and both Agent D's playing djembes on another floating cloud.)
Carl: Sorry, sir, I just, sorta, got into a groove.
(Cut back to Monogram and Perry.)
Major Monogram: Anyway, Doofenshmirtz has been spotted as a seat filler at the Fourth Annual 24-Hour Tri-State Area Music Awards. As you know, Doof's brother, Roger, is emceeing the event. We're not sure what he's up to, but we need you to suss it out. (His floating cloud starts to rain.) That's the... That's the cloud. Good luck, Agent P!
(Psychedelic transition back to the backyard. Perry runs off, then runs back to take his yoga mat with him.)

(Cut to the pavilion where the awards are being held. Applause is heard.)
Announcer: Live from Random Stadium, Random Swimwear presents The 4th Annual Tri-State Area Music Awards: The Tristies! Sponsored by Random Swimwear. Be wet...arbitrarily. Tonight's musical guests include Love Händel, Slamm Hammer, Tiny Cowboy, 2 Guyz N the Parque, Danny and the Jaytones, the Paisley Sideburn Brothers, Marty the Rabbit Boy and His Musical Blender, and many, many more. Seriously, many more, 'cause it's...it's 24 hours. And now, welcome your host and lovable mayor, Roger Doofenshmirtz!
Roger: We've got a lot great music for you tonight, and a lot of...other music. So let's get things started, shall we? Please welcome to the stage our presenters for the fact-based song category, the girl who just wants to have fun and the guy who, I guess, wants fun to have with. Lindana and Max Modem!
(Song: "I'm Lindana and I Wanna Have Fun!"/"Alien Heart" (instrumental))
(Cut to Candace offstage.)
Candace: Yeah! (whoops) Go, Mom! Go, Dad!
(The microphone raises up from the platform, but it only goes up to Lindana and Max's legs.)
Stage Manager: (offstage) Just go! Just go! I'll fix it later!
Max Modem: (bends down) Our first nominee for...
Lindana: (also bends down) ...the fact-based song category is, Slamm Hammer, with their hit, "Trees are Made of Wood".
(Applause. Whip pan to the band Slamm Hammer playing their song.)
(Song: "Trees are Made of Wood")
Slamm: ♪ Wow! Trees are made of wood! ♪
(The song ends. Slamm drops the mic and the band leaves to applause. Cut back to Lindana and Max as the microphone suddenly raises up way too high. Cut to the stage manager giving a thumbs up. Lindana gets on Max's shoulders. Cut to the audience where Doofenshmirtz is seen sitting.)
Lindana: (offscreen) The second nominee in the fact-based song category are the Hockey Hooligans with "Hockey Z-9".
Doofenshmirtz: (talking over) Excuse me. Pardon me.
(Song: "Hockey Z-9")
Doofenshmirtz: Excuse me. Excuse me, pardon me.
Hockey Hooligans: ♪ Oh, yeah! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Excusez-moi. Con permiso, por favor.
Hockey Hooligans: ♪ Don't turn away, I'm talking to you, sir ♪
♪ 'Bout the post-apocalyptic sport of the future ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Hee hee!

(Cut to backstage as the song continues. Doofenshmirtz sneaks into a door labeled "wardrobe". Agent P follows him. Cut to the Wardrobe room.)
♪ Perry! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Aha! Perry the Platypus, your timing is incredible! And by that, I mean, "Completely credible!!" (Traps Perry in a wig) But you've found yourself in a hairy situation! Because of the trap, it's...Which is a wig. Stop me if you've already made the connection. Anyway, you're just in time for my latest inator. (Takes out a spray bottle.) Behold! (Perry just looks at him unimpressed.) I know what you're thinking. And, no, I did not invent a spray bottle, Perry the Platypus. Just stay with me through my backstory, alright? You see, I was reading The Danville City Charter...again, when I learned an interesting fact.
(Flashback.)
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) Back in 1805, Danville actually elected a warthog as mayor. The public was fed up with the previous administration and thought, "Hey, what's the worst that could happen?" Nepotism, that's what. He filled the cabinet with his uncles and brothers and distant cousins and all of City Hall was full of swine. Except for one chair that they kept empty, so y'know it wouldn't be...
(End flashback.)
Doofenshmirtz: ...so conspicuous. So it was decided never to allow another warthog to be in a position of authority. Pe-Perry the Platypus, are you texting while I'm monologuing?! (He is. Doofenshmirtz takes the cell phone away. Perry simply shrugs.) Y'know, I'm just gonna hold onto this until I'm done, (puts phone in his pocket) 'cause I can get your full attention. Anyway, I'm thinking, "Nepotism. City Hall. My brother, Roger." And suddenly, I know what to do! Turn my brother into a warthog!
(Flashback to D.E.I., where Norm is in a tub stomping on some warthogs.)
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) So, through the use of pseudo-technology, I created this elixir, that, when sprayed on an individual, actually transforms them into a warthog.
(End flashback. Perry simply looks at him again.)
Doofenshmirtz: What? I said, "pseudo." Anyway, once I collected enough elixir, I put it in this: my Warthog-Sprayer-inator! See? There's a method to my lameness. I'm gonna find out when Roger's on stage and then I'm gonna turn him into a warthog in front of everybody! That will remove him from power because of the aforementioned Warthog Nepotism Act. But, y'know, the embarrassment is just a...it's a cherry on top.
Stagehand: (passing by) Right this way, Mr. Mayor.
Doofenshmirtz: (gasps) Now's my chance! (kisses) Peace out, Perry the Platypus!
(Doofenshmirtz storms out the door. Perry opens the door with his duck bill.)

(Cut to backstage.)
Stagehand: Love Händel with Candace Flynn, you're on in five!
Candace: OMG, OMG, OMG, OMG, OM—
(Cut to the stage. The microphone is now way too low. The stage manager beckons for them to move on. Max shrugs.)
Lindana: I guess just introduce the next act.
Max Modem: (sticking his head into the hole) The last nominee in the fact-based category, "The Ballad of Klimpaloon" sung by Love Händel...
Lindana: (also sticking her head into the hole) ...who are joined by contest winner...
Lindana and Max Modem: Candace Flynn!
(applause)
Ferb: (wolf-whistles)
Phineas: Go, Candace!
(record scratch)
Slamm: I object! The song does not belong in the fact-based song category! Klimpaloon is not real!!
Phineas: What?!
Ferb: What?
Lindana: What?
Sherman: What?
Danny and Bobbi: What?
Candace: What?
Everyone: WHAT?!?!!
Sherman: My nana told me stories about Klimpaloon.
Slamm: Well, that's not good enough. Seeing is believing! And no one has ever seen Klimpaloon!
Candace: Um, excuse me, but I have seen him!
Phineas: That's right! You tell 'im, Candace!
Mr. Random: (emerging from the shadows) I'm afraid that's not good enough either.
Max Modem: Ladies and gentlemen, Mittington Random!
(applause)
Mr. Random: Thank you, Max...errr...whoever. Mittington Random here, sponsor of the show and President of Random Swimwear. You're welcome. According to the rules, when a fact-based song is called into question, physical proof must be presented here within 24 hours.
Danny: How are we supposed to do that?
Mr. Random: Well, actually, you can't.
Danny: Wait, what?!
Mr. Random: Oh, Daniel, the rules clearly state that the band, along with the presenters, are to be locked in a soundproof room for 24 hours or until evidence is provided, whichever comes first.
Max Modem: Wait a minute, why the presenters?
Mr. Random: I can't hear you 'cause you're supposed to be in a soundproof booth.
(Love Händel, Lindana and Max are led offstage.)
Lindana: Oh oh oh...
Mr. Random: Move along.
Lindana: Candace, you're in charge.
Mr. Random: Okay, sorry for the inconvenience, folks, but it looks like we're gonna have to move this category to the end of the show.
(curtain closes)
(Song: "Forever Summer" (instrumental))
(A card showing the Random Swimwear logo appears.)
Candace: Phineas, Ferb, we need to find Klimpaloon and bring him back within 24 hours!
Phineas: We're way ahead of you! Ferb's rounding up the gang!
(Cut to the wings as Slamm sees this.)
Slamm: Those darn kids! I'll stop at nothing to make sure they don't prove the existence of Klimpaloon! Nothing!
(Cut to Doofenshmirtz.)
Stagehand: You're on next, Mr. Mayor, after the pork-based world music act.
Doofenshmirtz: Now's my chance! (he sprays the inator, but Perry blocks the shot) No! Oh, Perry the Platypus!
(Perry slides into some random instruments and a Rastafarian-colored blanket. He gets up to reveal he is now a warthog wearing the dreadlocks wig and the Rastafarian cap and a tambourine on his beaver tail.)
Stagehand: Swine Flute, you're on! Where's your tambourine player?!
Flautist: No show, man.
Doofenshmirtz: Ha ha! Look at you, Perry the Rasta-Warthogapus! (laughs, but Perry kicks him backwards)
Flautist: (to Perry) Kid, you've got the goods.
Announcer: And now, here's Swine Flute!
(The band and Perry go onstage. Perry jingles the tambourine on his tail.)
Flautist: More tambourine, man!

(Cut to Doofensmirtz talking to a stagehand.)
Doofenshmirtz: Aw, man, Roger's not on 'til the end of the show? Can't you get him back sooner?
Stagehand: No. Who do you think you are?
Doofenshmirtz: I'm his brother.
Stagehand: Nepotism will get you nowhere with me.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, maybe not yet, but wait 'til Roger's a warthog! (he leaves)
Stagehand: I do not know what that means.

(Cut to backstage. Doofenshmirtz is seen putting the inator into the podium.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, now I just have to set the spritzer, and the timer, and whoomp!, there he is! My brother, the warthog, mayor no more! (maniacal laughter)  Yeah. (sighs) Y'know, it's not the same without Perry the Platypus. I can't believe he ditched me. One lousy award and he goes all diva! Pfft!
(Cutaway to the press room where Swine Flute with Perry the Rasta-Warthogapus are seen with their awards.)

(Klimpaloon begins to magically float over the audience and the audience oohs in amazement.)
Lindana: Wow, he really is magical!
Phineas: Actually, he's being pulled up by a cable. Thanks, Miguel!
(They all leave. Cut to the wings.)
Roger: Let's hear it for Love Händel!
Mr. Random: (menacingly) Look at them. Enjoying their triumph. "Ooh, we're so happy! We saved Klimpaloon! Let's all sing!" Well, enjoy it now, because I will get my hands on Klimpaloon! I'll unravel his secret, even if I have to rip him apart, stitch by stitch and then, the moronic people of the world will beat a path to my door, and beg for my cheap Klimpaloon knockoff line, 'cause consumers are just like lemmings, brainless little animals that I can manipulate right off the fiscal cliff like the puppet master that I am! (maniacal laughter, then realizes the mic was picking him up. He walks onstage.) Was that thing on?
Audience:  Yes, yes it was!
Mr. Random: My career's over, isn't it?
Audience: Yes. Yes it is!
(The timer goes off and he is turned into a warthog.)
Mr. Random: (walks off) And I'm a warthog.
(Cut to Doofenshmirtz back in his labcoat offstage.)
Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, Perry the...I guess he doesn't really get credit for this one. He was just playing tambourine with Swine Flute. It's not really.... (sighs) Well....Sort of anticlimactic for me.

Doofelations Season 4:214 | Operation Crumb Cake

(Cut to Perry)
♪ Doo-bee doo-bee doo-bah ♪
♪ Doo-bee doo-bee doo... ♪
(Perry chatters three times)
Major Monogram: Agent P, it seems that Doofenshmirtz is into astrology now, and that makes him very dangerous to us. I know what you're thinking. I was like you. I always thought horoscopes were a bunch of hooey. But then, I read my own horoscope. I'm a Sagittarius. It said, "It's a bad to get a haircut". How spooky is that? I had my haircut yesterday. Today would be a bad day to get a haircut. How do they know that stuff? If Doof figured out the astrological science of our agents, he could predict our every move!
Carl: Excuse me, sir. I believe horoscopes are meant for entertainment rather to be taken as fact.
Major Monogram: Of course, you think that, Carl. You're a Capricorn. You know what to do, Agent P.
(Perry gets sprung out of his seat)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(Perry walks in)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, hello, Perry the Platypus. Could you be a sport and shut the door? It gets really drafty in here. Give it a good slam. Sometimes it sticks.
(Perry falls for Doofenshmirtz's trap)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha ha! Betcha never dreamt you'd get caught in a dream catcher. Actually, Norm made that this morning. Who knew he was so crafty? Anyway, my astrologer believes that when Mercury is in retrograde, anything can go wrong and usually does. And, you know, she's always right, she has dark hair and bangs, and you know, as it turns out, Mercury has been in retrograde all summer. No wonder my evil schemes keep failing! And that is why I invented the Unretrograde-inator! You know, to reverse my bad luck. And I know that Unretrograde is sort of a double negative. It sounds like I'm making Mercury go forwards but I'm actually sending it backwards from going backwards which happens to look forward but it isn't. You know what? Basically, it's a Reverse-inator but... Unretrograde-inator! It sounded more astrology-y. Look. You know, I'll just show you how it works. Oh Norm! Could you come over here for a moment?
Norm: I'm almost finished cleaning up your mid-morning piñata, sir.
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah yeah. Qué bueno, Norm. Now, just stand right there.
Norm: Oki-dokie. (gets zapped by the -inator) Oh my! I have a sudden urge to dump your piñata pieces back on the floor.
Doofenshmirtz: It works!
Norm: Now, I'm going to push the giblets back into the chicken.

(Cut to Norm walking backwards.)
Norm: Now I'm going to put food waste back on the dishes.
Doofenshmirtz: (reading the paper) Yes, yes, thank you, Norm. (to Perry) Does this make sense to you? Listen. "Someone is secretly speaking on your behalf."
Norm: (offscreen) Time to unmake the coffee.
Doofenshmirtz: It sounds positive for me, and I like that, but who is speaking nicely of me? Wait, was it you, Perry the Platypus?
Norm: Next, I'll unmake my dream-catcher.
(He takes the dream-catcher off of Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: No, no, don't do that! (Perry punches Doofenshmirtz.) You never let me finish my sentences.

(Cut to Norm.)
Norm: Now to unbrush my teeth. What am I doing?! Sir, the effect of your ray has worn off.
Doofenshmirtz: (sarcastically) I'm so happy for you. Listen, could you get this platypus off me?
(Perry flips right off Doofenshmirtz.)
Norm: Wow, is he hard to catch!
Doofenshmirtz: You're just noticing this, huh? Go get 'im!

(Cut back to D.E.I.)
Norm: Oh, no, I just realized I may have put the giblets in the hamster!
(Perry pushes the self-destruct button. To his surprise nothing happens. He ponders for a moment and tries pressing again repeatedly.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha! Gotcha! See, I began to think, "If only I had a nickel for every time you pushed my inator's self-destruct button", and then it hit me. You wouldn't have a nickel either because you don't have any pockets! Wait, wait, wait, what are you-?! (Perry takes off his fedora revealing a nickel on his head.) Oh, I forgot about your hat. (Perry puts the nickel in the slot.) Curse you, Perry the Pla--
(KABOOM!)
Doofenshmirtz: See?! You never let me finish my sentences!

Doofelations Season 4:215 | Mandace

(Cut to Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: This rate, I'll be late for my creative writing class. Agent P! No need to walk all the way down here! I'll just give you your mission on the staircase! Doofenshmirtz has been experimenting with image technology! It's very suspicious! We need you to go check it out! Good luck, Agent P! Idea for TV spinoff. Platypus in a staircase.

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Over here, Perry the Platypus.
(cage falls down)
Doofenshmirtz: So, you fell for the old hat rack disguised as your nemesis" ploy, eh? Well anyway, that was a very efficient use of my time. I demonstrated my latest inator, and trapped you all in one. Trap Perry the Platypus. Check. Demonstrate inator. Check. And now, that just leaves backstory, light lunch, take over the Tri-State Area, and schedule painters. Only seventy-five percent of my list left. I am on fire today! All right, so let's get down to business. Ever since I switched pizza places, you remember that whole pizza day debacle, right? Okay. Well anyway, my orders now are all showing up cold. Nothing I can do to change that, because, you know, I'm a lousy tipper, so I invented this. The impersonator-inator! An inator so nice, I had to name it twice. Rather than move or shell out extra cash, I can use this device to create a holographic field around myself, impersonate the pizza delivery boy, and pick up my own pizza. It'll still be warm, but then I said Heinz, Heinz, you're-you're thinking too small. Why not think of pizza boy's boss, but then I said Heinz, Heinz, and I said what? I'm right here. Stop saying my name. And then I said why be the pizza boy's boss when you can be the pizza franchise owner? Uh-oh.
Electronic Voice: Database image transfer.
(inator fires)
Doofenshmirtz: Whoops. One pizza delivery boy, comin' up! I don't know who that was for. It was such a good line. It would've been a shame to hold it back. It's uh, oh hush.

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated)
Doofenshmirtz: And then I thought, why be a brigadier general when I can be a major general? I mean, why not? Right? I'm a modern guy. And then I thought, maybe I'm still shooting too low. Why be a major general when I can be a lieutenant general? And then I thought, why-- (Perry slaps him) Ow! What, do you have a blowtorch under your tail or something? (Perry slaps him again) Ow!

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated)
(Doofenshmirtz's Impersonator-inator retrieves new people for impersonation)
(Doofenshmirtz gets shot with his -inator)
Doofenshmirtz: (looking like Teddy Roosevelt) Okay. I can tell by the way you're looking at me that I'm suddenly the twenty-sixth president of the United States, Teddy Roosevelt. Downside is: I'll be succeeded by William Taft. Blech! The upside, Perry the Platypus, is that the hero of San Juan Hill was a heck of a pugilist. Put up your dukes. Come on.
(Perry gets turned into a gorilla)
Doofenshmirtz: (looking like Teddy Roosevelt) Mm, guess the animal setting wasn't such a hot (Perry the Platypus (currently impersonating a gorilla) punches Doofenshmirtz) Ow! Wait. How did you punch me? The hologram was so much taller than you. (Perry picks him up) Ah! Ow! It defies logic.

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz and Perry)
(Perry looks like Director Dipthong. Doofenshmirtz looks like the Gunther Goat Cheese's goat. Doofenshmirtz gets turned into a pig.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, come on! (Perry gets turned into a football player) Oh, I get it. Pig skin. Oh great. My -inator has a sense of... (gets turned into a dinosaur while falling to ground) Velociraptor power attack!
(Perry gets turned into Lulu Jones)
(Song: "Leave the Busting to Us!")
♪ Bust 'em! Bust 'em! Bust 'em! ♪
(Perry punches Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, great! Where am I supposed to find a paleo-orthodontist?

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz and Perry)
(Perry looks like Blanca Dishon while Doofenshmirtz looks like Buck Buckerson)
Doofenshmirtz: No! No! Not the -inator! I totally need that!
(Perry and Doofenshmirtz turns back into themselves.)
Doofenshmirtz: Who's this nincompoop? (realizes he called himself a nincompoop) Oh, right. CURSE YOU, PERRY THE PLATYPUS,...
♪ Perry! ♪
Doofenshmirtz (cont'd): ...and-and the football player, the gorilla, and Lulu Jones, and Blanca Dishon and Director Dipthong. Everybody! Curse you all!

Doofelations Special:216 | Phineas and Ferb: Star Wars

(Cut to:)
♪ Fully operational Death Star! ♪
(A ship shaped like the Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated building flies in. Cut to on the ship where we see Darthenshmirtz and Norm-3PO observing the Death Star.)
Darthenshmirtz: How do you like that, Norm? My beautiful invention floating out here in space and do you think I get any credit for it?
Norm-3PO: Your invention, sir?
Darthenshmirtz: Well, yeah. I designed it to be a nutcracker. Here, l-l-look. Look at this. (He uses a model Death Star to crack a nut with a laser and eats it.) See? It works just fine. But the Empire took my idea and made it so big, it's completely impractical! A-A walnut would be totally obliterated!
Norm-3PO: The universe is cruel and unjust.
Darthenshmirtz: Well, when they see my new invention, they'll be singin' a diff'rent tune! All I need is to get my hands on a little bit of Force to get it up and running. But where am I gonna find some extra Force?
Norm-3PO: The Force surrounds us. It penetrates us. It binds the galaxy—
Darthenshmirtz: Yes, yes, I've seen the bumper sticker.

(Cut to Darthensmirtz's ship going into the Death Star.)
Darthenshmirtz: Norm, bring all my gear down to my lair.
Norm-3PO: You mean the abandoned recycling compartment?
Darthenshmirtz: It's a lair!
(Cut to Darthensmirtz on a moving sidewalk.)
Darthenshmirtz: Ooh, whadaya know? A moving sidewalk. (Darth Vader walks by.) Oh, ooh, Darth Vader! Hey, I know that guy! It's Darth Vader. Hey! (runs up to him) Hey, w-wait up, wait up! (knocks over a droid) Phew! Darth Vader! Hey look! Eh, I'm Darthenshmirtz! (trips) I'm not sure if you remember me, the Doof Star, the little nutcracker thing. And then you sorta stole my plans. (trips again) Anyway, I gotta new invention, and it's gonna knock your socks off! (trips again) I'm wondering if you could, uh, spare a little Force. I thought maybe you had a little extra lying around— (Bumps into a couple of Stormtroopers) Okay, uh, good talk.

(Open on the next day. Perry is seen baking something. We hear "Happy Birthday to You" playing in the background. He bakes a replacement cake for the Tusken Raiders.)
Tusken Raiders: (cheer)
(Agent P's holographic communicator goes off. Major Hologram appears on screen.)
Major Hologram: Ah, Agent P, our sources tell us that the R2 unit is safely in the possession of Obi-Wan Kenobi. You always come through for us. (Perry smiles nervously knowing that this isn't the case.) Great work! Now to take a well-deserved rest. (Hologram disappears. Agent P smiles and takes out a hanky to dry his sweat when his communicator activates again.) Agent P, I've got your next mission. You need to get to the Death Star immediately. Darthenshmirtz is working on a new inator. We need you to stop him before he can finish building it. Good luck.
(Hologram disappears again. Perry looks discouraged.)

(Cut to Mos Isley. A sign reads, "Mos Eisley Spaceport." A banner under it reads, "Now 14% more scum & villainy." Pull out to reveal the speeder with Luke and the others on it. Phineas' speeder follows them. Tracking shot of the village. The brothers pass by a few creatures and villagers. A post with a wanted poster with Han Solo and Chewbacca's images is seen. Boba Fett takes a number of the flyer.)
Blatto: Phineas and Ferb! My best customers!
Phineas: Hey, Blatto, we're trying to find an R2 unit and give him back this data disc. (Blatto takes the disc.) Hey!
Blatto: Let's take a look at it. (He puts it into an R2 unit's head and it shows a hologram of the Death Star.)
Phineas: Wow! It's an Imperial battle station the size of a moon! And according to these schematics, it seems to be designed specifically to destroy entire planets! Whoa, I-I never imagined the Empire would go that far! (Ferb points) Huh, you're right, Ferb. One proton torpedo in that small exhaust port and the whole thing goes blammo!
Blatto: Uh, it's like it's got a self-destruct button. What kind of idiot would design that?
(Cutaway to Darthenshmirtz at a water fountain to answer his question.)
Darthenshmirtz: Oh, why can't I master this?
(end cutaway)
Phineas: Wait, if the Rebels have this information, they might stand a chance against this thing. A small one-man fighter could penetrate the outer defense, fly along that trench, and get to the exhaust port.
Blatto: Hey, spoiler alert!!
Phineas: That droid must be part of the Rebel Alliance! We've gotta get this disc back to him!

(Cut to the Death Star. Cut to inside. Darthenshmirtz is at a computer.)
Darthenshmirtz: Wait, that's it! I solved my Force problem! I can extract it from Vader's garbage. It...It says right here, see? You can find anything on the Internet. Hey, check it out, Norm-3PO. According to this real estate website, my time share on Alderaan is worth, like, 10 times more than I paid for it six years ago! Oh, I knew the value would go up! It's just, it's such a peaceful place to.. (Alderaan gets destroyed by the Death Star in the background.) Wait, what? What's this? The value is totally dropping!! Zero?!?!

(Cut to Darthenshmirtz's abandoned recycling compartment lair.)
Darthenshmirtz: There ought to be enough residual Force in Vader's garbage here to power it up for, y'know at least one shot.
Norm-3PO: One man's trash is another man's bad idea.
Darthenshmirtz: Just put the garbage in the chute, Mr. Wisendroider! (door beeps) Well, well, well, it's Perry the Rebelpus! (The door does not open all the way. Perry shrugs.) Oh, sorry about the door. I...I put in a work order, but the guy's not gonna get down here 'til, like, Thursday. So, y'know. Ah, ah, look, Norm, you see? You put a big red "X" on the floor, people will stand there! (A trap door opens under Perry and he drops down and gets frozen in carbonite.) Human nature! Or, in this case, platypus nature.

(Cut to Ferb on the lookout. Long shot to reveal Ferb on one floor and Obi-Wan on another walking in opposite directions. Obi-Wan stops for a second. Ferb mirrors his movements. They continue. Cut to Norm-3PO hammering a nail.)
Norm-3PO: (hanging up the trapped platypus) There. It's just like art!
Darthenshmirtz: Yeah, nothin' like a frozen platypus to tie a room together! Now, allow me to tell you why I created my latest inator.
(Song: "Sith-Inator")
Darthenshmirtz: ♪ You see, the Force with me is weak ♪
♪ I've never been that hip or chic, ♪
♪ People treat me like a freak ♪
♪ Sometimes they even boo and hiss. ♪

♪ You ask all those haters ♪
♪ From Naboo to Tatooine, ♪
♪ They'll say, "Wow! That Darthenshmirtz is mean!" ♪

♪ You ask all those haters ♪
♪ From Naboo to Tatooine, ♪
♪ They'll say, "Wow! That Darthenshmirtz is mean!" ♪

Darth Vader can kiss my bantha!
Norm-3PO: (applauding) Very good, sir! That was better than rehearsal!
Darthenshmirtz: Alright, stay close to your comlinks, ladies, and, if all goes well, I'll have a victory number in the fourth act. (to Perry) So, like I said, I'm going to make myself super-evil with my Sith-inator here, but first, I'm gonna shoot you just to make sure it's safe and, uh, y'know, I don't...die or fry myself and have to wear one of those masks like Vader, 'cuz that would not be a good look for me.
(Cut to Ferb who is peeking in.)
Darthenshmirtz: (offscreen) Eh, y'know, plus, if it works, you can join me on the Dark Side. We can be Sith buddies! Whadaya think? Huh? (activates the inator)
(Ferb walks into the room and accidentally gets zapped.)
Ferb: (yells in pain)
Darthenshmirtz: Hold on. Wait a minute. Wait...what...who let a kid in here?! Hey, buddy, you okay? (to Perry) Yeah, he's gonna have a headache, but with any luck, he's gonna be so evil when he gets on his feet. Oh, great, I-I-I used up all the Force on this guy. Hey, Norm, grab the trash can. We gotta go refuel. Wait right here, Perry the Rebelpus. We'll be right back to turn you to the Dark Side, too, and then you, me, and...this kid in the cloak, I guess, can be the Three Sith-keteers!
Norm-3PO: Who can I be, sir?
Darthenshmirtz: You can be the horse. C'mon, let's go. We gotta get some more of that super-Force-y-Vader trash. I know just where to look.
(As soon as Darthenshmirtz and Norm-3PO leave, Ferb gets up revealing his yellow eyes as he looks at the inator.)

(Cut to the garbage disposal. A dianoga pops out.)
Han: (offscreen, sarcastically) This garbage chute is a really wonderful idea! What an incredible smell you've discovered!
(Cut to under the waste to reveal Darthenshmirtz in a diving suit.)
Darthenshmirtz: Come here, boy, come here, that's it. Come on. (The dianoga swims up to him) That's it. Now, now, whatta ya got for Papa there? Ooh, is that Darth Vader's inhaler? Nice! Now we're talkin'! And what's this? This looks like a perfectly good bantha-cheese hoagie. Well, it's not good anymore. It's been underwater. Wow! According to this, it's reeking with Dark Force! Vader must've touched it. Put it in here. What else have you got for me? (The dianoga takes Luke.) That's not trash, dummy, that's a guy! Just put him back, I've got enough. Man, you can lead a dianoga to garbage but you can't make him think.
(Cut to outside. Darthenshmirtz walks out with the bag.)
Darthenshmirtz: Uh-uh-uh! Don't forget to flush!
Luke: (offscreen) The walls are moving!
Leia: (offscreen) Don't just stand there! Try and brace it with something!
Darthenshmirtz: Man, someone needs to oil that thing.
Chewbacca: (growls offscreen)
Darthenshmirtz: Okay, come on, Norm-3PO, let's go make some Sith happen.

(Cut to the still trapped Perry. His trapping device beeps, and deactivates.)
Darthenshmirtz: Oh, hey, they fixed the door! Must've been a cancellation somewhere. I'm gonna go check on the Sith-inator. You go see if that kid's evil yet.
Norm-3PO: Where did we leave him? Behind this box? (Perry emerges from behind the box with a blaster. He blasts Norm-3PO and he screams like R2-D2.)
Darthenshmirtz: Norm, what the heck are you standing around for? I thought I told you... Whoa whoa whoa whoa!! (Norm-3PO falls down on Darthenshmirtz. He groans.) Oh, my spleen.
(Cut to Perry tinkering with the inator.)
Darthenshmirtz: Hey, get away from that! Perry the Rebelpus, you stay away from my inator! Don't make me— (Perry pulls down on Darthenshmirtz's jaw and throws him out.) No wait! Wait wait! Whooo!!! (Perry pounces on him.)

(Cut to the Imperial Credit Union.)
Imperial Officer 7: You know, I'm thinking about getting a saxophone.
Imperial Officer Wayne: Huh, good for you.
(Darthenshmirtz and Perry crash through the wall.)
Darthenshmirtz: (To Perry) I'd like to see you try that again! (Perry does)
Imperial Officer 7: Uh, should we report that?
Imperial Officer Wayne: I'm not losing my place in line.

(Wipe right to the Death Star.)
Darthenshmirtz: Hey, wait wait wait, I can't see! (Perry fights Darthenshmirtz.) Alright, someone's getting a lightsabering now! Oh, it's, uh, just a flashlight. I guess my lightsaber's in the camping supplies. (holds flashlight under his chin) Ooh, ooh, look, I'm scary—Uch, whatever. Bye! (he flees)

(Cut to Darthenshmirtz being chased by Perry. He pushes a button and the platform goes in.)
Darthenshmirtz: (maniacal laughter) You're over there and I'm over here and never the twain shall meet. So I guess you're just gonna have to give up. (Perry takes a grappling hook out of his uniform.) Oh, I-I see, you're gonna swing across like a monkey-man. (pounds on his chest) Hoo-hoo-hoo! Me swingy-swingy monkey-man! Go ahead, knock yourself out. There's no way you got enough cable to reach that. (The grappling hook latches onto Darthenshmirtz's uniform.) Oh, I see what you were trying to— Yaaah! (Both Perry and Darthenshmirtz fall and get caught on another platform.) Ow! No no! (They crash through a wall.)

(Cut back to Phineas and Darth Ferb as they tinker with their lightsabers. They turn them on and they are now evenly matched. They rev up the motors and the lightsabers start twirling. The fight resumes. Darthenshmirtz falls through the roof onto the floor.)
Darthenshmirtz: Ow.
(The fight resumes again.)
Darthenshmirtz: Ah, it's good to be back. (Perry drops in) Hey! You're too late! No stopping me now! (He drops down into the trap door and gets frozen in carbonite.) Hey, it's cold in here! Ow! I've got such an ice cream headache!
(Cut back to the fight. Darth Ferb destroys Phineas' lightsaber. Perry notices Phineas in trouble and runs off to help him. Darth Ferb stops him with the Force. Darth Ferb further destroys Phineas' lightsaber with the Force. He activates the inator.)
Darth Ferb: Now you will join me! (a blast shoots him and he groans)
Candace: Step away from the Rebel!
Phineas: Don't shoot him! He's my brother!
Candace: Your brother's a Sith warrior?!
Phineas: No. I mean, yes. I mean...it's a recent development. Wait, why are you helping me? I'm a Rebel!
Candace: I had to. I couldn't just leave you hanging.
Darthenshmirtz: Hey, heads up!
(Candace screams as Darth Ferb attacks her.)
Darthenshmirtz: Hey, watch it!
Candace: Hold it right there, pal! Aaah! (Darth Ferb attacks her more.)
(Phineas runs up to the inator but Darth Ferb stops him. It looks like this is the end. Cut to Candace who pulls out some black socks out of her pocket.)
Darthenshmirtz: Hey, you're gonna stretch out the elastic.
Phineas: Ferb! Please stop!
(The sock with a rock in it hits Darth Ferb. Cut to Candace who swings another one at him.)
Candace: Now I really wish I'd bought the three-pack!
(Phineas throws the broken lightsaber at the inator. It goes into the self-destruct port.)
Darthenshmirtz: Oh, man. I really should have ray-shielded that.
(KABOOM!)
Phineas: (groans) Ferb? (Candace and Perry help him look under the rubble.)
Ferb: (groans)
Phineas: Are you okay?
(Ferb unslicks his hair and gives a thumbs up.)
Phineas: (hugs Ferb) Ferb!
(A shadowy figure comes in. He unhoods himself as Buford wearing the now deceased Obi-Wan's robe.)
Buford: Found this perfectly good robe lying around. Has one hole, right here. Hey, look what else I just found! My hoagie!
Baljeet: I would not eat that if I were you.
Candace: C'mon! Let's get off this battle station.
Phineas: But we don't have a ship!
Candace: I know where there's a bus pod.
Phineas: Perry, great work! Hey, don't be a stranger!
Darthenshmirtz: You think maybe you could turn this thing over? All the blood's rushing to my head.

(Cut to Agent P's ship.)
Major Hologram: Ah, Agent P, with you stopping Darthenshmirtz, and the Rebellion destroying the Death Star, this day will be long remembered. Apparently, there are still copies of the Death Star plans out there so, we still might have a teeny problem there, but, heh, we'll blow up that battle station when we come to it. Hologram out!
(Some carbonite is seen melting, which Perry knows only means one thing.)
Darthenshmirtz: Ha ha! So long, Perry the Platypus! Now I can live to fight in the sequel! (He goes into an escape pod laughing.) Eh. I probably should have thought this one through better. I didn't realize the escape pod would be Platypus-sized. Plus, I'm sitting on my keys.

Doofelations Season 4:217 | Lost in Danville

(cut to Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: Ah, Agent P. Glad you're here. Doofenshmirtz has been incommunicado for far too long. Either he's up to something big or he's met with some sort of foul play. (Perry leaves his seat) Man, that was rather abrupt. You know, sometimes, I feel like he just comes here to get his assignments.

(cut to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(Perry walks in. Dr. Doofenshmirtz is missing)
(black and white flashback starts. Doofenshmirtz is on his evil blog.)
Doofenshmirtz: (A shadowy figure grabs him and he screams)
(Perry notices a new -inator. Doofenshmirtz is put in blindfold. Perry realizes Doofenshmirtz's foot tracks.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey! That's my lunch!

(cut to Seattle, WA. Doofenshmirtz is in a dark room in barrel-shaped furniture)
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, hello! Anyone there? Marco! Y-you're supposed to say Polo! There better be a satisfying explanation for this when it's over or I'm gonna be merciless on my blog!

(cut to Doofenshmirtz. The shadowy figure takes off his blindfold)
Doofenshmirtz: (gasps) Peter the Panda? Oh, that was a good shot of me. Oh, and that one. That one, too. And that one, that one was terrible, my nose looked all crooked, eh, it needed scribbling on it.
Shadowy Figure: Hello, Doofenshmirtz!
Doofenshmirtz: Hello, inky shape hovering in the darkness, what gives?
Shadowy Figure: It is I, Professor Mystery.
Doofenshmirtz: Okay.
Professor Mystery: Peter the Panda never mentioned me?
Doofenshmirtz: No, but he doesn't actually, you know, talk. So, you gonna tell me why you kidnapped me? (no response) Um, hello! I know you're still out there. I can see your eyeballs. What's with all the silence? It's very off putting.
Professor Mystery: Mystery...is my allure.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh. This is gonna be a fun conversation.

(Cut to Doofenshimirtz in a capsule carried on furniture dolly by Professor Mystery.)
Doofenshmirtz: Seriously though, what's with the kidnapping? And why do you have an obsessive shrine to Peter the Panda?
Professor Mystery: Because I am Peter the Panda's nemesis.
Doofenshmirtz: (gasps)
Professor Mystery: You're surprised?
Doofenshmirtz: Well yeah, of course. But come on, if I knew he had a nemesis. I would never want to be the other evil scientist. (sees Professor Mystery's -inator) Ooh! An inator! So what does it do?
Professor Mystery: I can't divulge that because mystery...
Doofenshmirtz: ...is your allure. Yeah, yeah, I know. So do you tell Peter the Panda your plans before or after you trap him? It's just...I'm always interested in process.
Professor Mystery: I don't tell him at all. It would ruin the mystery...which is my—
Doofenshmirtz: But he's your nemesis! He's gotta know what he's thwarting! I mean, it's just common courtesy! What, you expect him to infer it from your complicated backstories? (Mystery simply walks away.) Wait, don't—Oh, no. Don't tell me that you've never even given him a backstory! Well, there's your problem! There's your problem right there!
Professor Mystery: What?
Doofenshmirtz: Lack of communication. Gimme a beat. (A beat is somehow given and chorus girls appear out of nowhere.)
(Song: "Talk to Him")
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ You can can it with the mystery, ♪
♪ You don't have to be so vague. ♪
Chorus girls: ♪ So vague! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Give your nemesis some history, ♪
♪ All the reasons you're a... ♪
Doofenshmirtz and chorus girls: ♪ Rotten egg. ♪

Doofenshmirtz: (While Chorus girls ooh in the background) ♪ It's not enough just to show him your device, ♪
♪ You've got to tell him what it does. ♪
♪ I think you'll be surprised that his attention span, ♪
♪ He's the only one that's gonna understand, ♪
♪ You gotta tell him all of your evil plans, because... ♪

Doofenshmirtz and chorus girls: ♪ You've got to... ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Talk to him ♪
Chorus girls: ♪ Ooh! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Tell him... ♪
Doofenshmirtz and chorus girls: ♪ Every twisted scheme that's in your head ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Talk to him ♪
Chorus girls: ♪ Ooh! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ You've got to... ♪
Doofenshmirtz and chorus girls: ♪ Give him some specifics he can dread. ♪

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Talk to him. ♪
♪ Don't just... ♪
Doofenshmirtz and chorus girls: ♪ Stand there like a rock. ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ He's got two furry ears, so use them ♪
Chorus girls: ♪ Use them! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I know you really want to bruise him ♪
Chorus girls: ♪ Bruise him! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ But I think you're gonna lose him if you don't talk ♪
Chorus girls: ♪ If you don't talk ♪

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Communication is the key, ♪
♪ If you just open up, you'll see, ♪
♪ And maybe he'll stop thwarting me... ♪
Doofenshmirtz and chorus girls: ♪ If you just talk! ♪
(The number ends and the girls leave.)
Professor Mystery: How did you get chorus girls in here?
Doofenshmirtz: They're union, they'll travel.

(Cut back to Mystery's lair.)
Professor Mystery: You're the last person I'm going to take advice from, you nemesis stealer!
Doofenshmirtz: Even with musical accompaniment, you just don't get it. Ugh! I'munna have to spell it out for you: It's not my fault that you and Peter are having problems. It's yours!
Professor Mystery: (activating the inator) We'll see whose fault it is, after I activate my true-purpose-shrouded-in-an-enigma-inator! (The inator activates) Because in just a few moments, you will be zapped, and my vengeance will be complete!
Doofenshmirtz: (sighs) Yawn! I mean I-I-I'd be so much more concerned if I understood what the stakes were, man. Y-Y-You've (sighs again) Man!
Professor Mystery: Hmm?
(Cut to a wall being burned through. Peter the Panda comes out from the other side.)
Doofenshmirtz: Peter the Panda! Wow, I never thought I would be so glad to see my nemesis.
Professor Mystery: Peter the Panda is not your nemesis!
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, you're right. He's not even my nemesis. H-H-He's more of a thwarty call.
Professor Mystery: Don't you diminish him like th— (he gets body slammed by Peter.) See? He's thwarting me! You mean nothing to him, Doofenshmirtz! (gets punched) Yes yes! (gets punched again) You see? This is good, isn't it? (to Peter) What did he give you that I couldn't give you?
Doofenshmirtz: An evil monologue for one thing!
Professor Mystery: What?
Doofenshmirtz: Communication! Oh, for cryin' out loud! At least tell him what your inator does!!
Professor Mystery: Huh? Oh yes! It's an unexist-inator!
Doofenshmirtz: WHAT?!??!?! Well-Well, now I'm worried! See? Communication. It works.
(Perry finally makes his entrance and tips the inator up to which it fires out of the ceiling and bounces off the Space Needle.)

(Cut to a coffee shop where Mystery and Peter are having a conversation as Doofenshmritz and Perry look from the window.)
Professor Mystery: So, my own parents accidentally created a black hole and became obsessed with containing it, eventually firing themselves into orbit for fear that they would jeopardize the planet, but they abandoned me in the process. That is what motivated me to become evil in the first place and, eventually, build my unexist-inator, which you destroyed tonight! Wow, it really feels great to tell someone all this!
(The crazy old people from the backyard approach him.)
Bernie and Denise: Son!
Professor Mystery: Mom? Dad?! You're back! (He hugs them.)
Denise: Awww...
Professor Mystery: I want you guys to meet my nemesis, Peter the Panda.
Bernie: You have a nemesis?
Denise: Our boy's all grown up!
Bernie: Why is he a panda bear?
Denise: Bernie!
Bernie: What? I was just wondering.
(Cut to outside as Doofenshmritz and Perry leave them.)
Doofenshmirtz: Come on, Perry the Platypus. Let's go home. I talk to you enough, right? Yeah, you're right. Maybe too much.

(standalone broadcasts only)
(Song: "Talk to Him")
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Talk to him ♪
Chorus girls: ♪ Ooh! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ You've got to... ♪
Doofenshmirtz and chorus girls: ♪ Give him some specifics he can dread. ♪

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Talk to him. ♪
♪ Don't just... ♪
Doofenshmirtz and chorus girls: ♪ Stand there like a rock. ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ He's got two furry ears, so use them ♪
Chorus girls: ♪ Use them! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I know you really want to bruise him ♪
Chorus girls: ♪ Bruise him! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ But I think you're gonna lose him if you don't talk ♪
Chorus girls: ♪ If you don't talk ♪

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Communication is the key, ♪
♪ If you just open up, you'll see, ♪
♪ And maybe he'll stop thwarting me... ♪
Doofenshmirtz and chorus girls: ♪ If you just talk! ♪

Doofelations Season 4:218 | The Inator Method

(Cut to Agent P's lair. Monogram is on screen giving a speech of some sort.)
Major Monogram: Only you can make the decision to succeed. You've got to dig down deep within yourself and grab ahold of your dream! (pause) Go ahead. Grab it. (beat) I'll wait. (Agent P drops in.) Oh, Agent P! Uh, I've been giving a motivational speech to the interns, and, uh, by "interns", I mean Carl.
Carl: (offscreen) Very inspirational, sir.
Major Monogram: Anyway, Doofenshmirtz has rented out a conference hall at the Danville Motel Inn and is giving some kind of motivational lecture. Who would want motivation from him is beyond me, but, well, that's beside the point. Pick up your credentials at the front desk. (Perry the Chimneypus salutes.) Good luck, Agent P! (Perry's chair lowers back and is launched from it by a spring.)

(Cut to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz motivational seminar ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Welcome, you lucky people in attendance, I am Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz and I'm here to introduce you to my eight-step program to ruling the Tri-State Area! I- I mean overcoming obstacles and a path self-fulfillment. Heh, heh! Right! Nothing evil there. Anyhoo, behold, the Inator Method! Hit it, Norm!
(Cut to Norm behind a merchandise counter playing an acoustic guitar.)
(Song: The Inator Method)
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Maybe you're a loser who's been sleeping in his car, ♪
♪ Or a crazy person saving all their toenails in a jar. (Nice!) ♪
♪ There may be many reasons you can count yourself subpar, ♪
♪ But the biggest one is you've signed up for this here seminar. ♪

Backup dancers: ♪ The inator Method! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ It's the method with all the solutions... ♪
Backup dancers: ♪ The inator Method! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ This is the one! Don't accept substitutions! ♪
Backup dancers: ♪ The Inator Method! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Soon you'll see that the only conclusion is to... ♪
Doofenshmirtz and Backup Dancers: ♪ Follow those impulsive urges, ♪
♪ You'll know that you'll want to purchase now! ♪
♪ The Inator Method! ♪
(Cheers, applause, and whistles)
Doofenshmirtz: That's what I'm talkin' about! Yeah! (Agent P drops in) P-Perry the Platypus, whatta you doin' here? Y-You're not s'posed to be here 'til step 3. (to audience) You have to excuse me while I confer with my visual aid. (to Perry) I'm on stage, so I'm gonna have to forego the long backstory. Suffice it to say, there was a judge's ruling involved, okay? Anyway, just take a seat in the back and I'll cue you when you're on. (Perry exits) Perry the Platypus, ladies and gentlemen! You'll be seeing more of him later during the nemesis portion of the seminar.

(Cut back to the seminar.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, so now that we got the basics covered, we can get to the fun part. Let's start with trapping your nemesis. (Cut to Perry with a nametag lanyard on taking notes. He gets trapped by the lanyard.) Nametag, you're it!
Perry: (chatters angrily)
Doofenshmirtz: The keys to a good trap are the element of surprise and, also, if you can work in a good pun. That's always nice.
Man: Uh, what about constraint and effectiveness?
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, yeah, th-that'll be covered in the thwarting portion of our seminar. Don't...Don't get ahead of yourself. Okay, step four is the big reveal! (Takes tarp off his inator.) Behold: the Motivate-inator! (The screen behind him says "Music Sting", which plays.) The music sting. That totally ups the drama. So what does it do? I'm glad you asked! You, come on up here, I'll sh-I'll show ya. Let's give him a big hand for being such a sport, shall we? (The dude that asked the question in the audience comes up to applause.) Alright, what's your name?
Man: Billy.
Doofenshmirtz: (shakes Billy's hand) Great to meet ya, Billy! Tell me, (motions toward the back of the room) whadaya see over there in the back of the room?
(Whip pan to Norm behind the merchandise counter waving.)
Billy: Uh...I dunno, a table full of stuff?
Doofenshmirtz: Did everyone take note of his reply? (walks behind the inator) Totally lackluster. But that's all gonna change. Okay, Billy, now hold still. (Fires the inator on Billy) Now whadaya see, Billy?
Billy: (excitedly gasps) Inator Method merchandise! (runs up to the counter and purchases practically everything) Tapes, DVDs, books, audiobooks, now! Now! T-shirts, hats, that is so cool! I gotta have 'em!
Doofenshmirtz: Now look at him! All full of pep! He's completely motivated!
Man #2: (speaking in a female voice) Wait a second! He's just motivated to buy your junk! This is nothin' but a money-makin' scam!
Doofenshmirtz: Exactly, what better motivation is there? (zaps the entire audience and they storm the merchandise counter)

Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) Testimonials, take one.
Man #3: I came to this seminar with no intention of buying anything and look at all this junk I bought!
Man #4: Holy cow, I bought a lotta stuff I don't need!
Margaret: I just can't stop spending money on the Inator Method's motivational products!
Doofenshmirtz: Woohoo! With all the cash I'm raking in, I'll be able to take over the Tri-State Area in no time! (A woman gives him a book, which he signs.) Thank you very much. Nice doin' business with ya.
(Cut to Perry on the ground. During the following, he gets up and struggles to get out of his trap.)
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) And who do I make this out to?
Man #5: (offscreen) Uncle Phil.
Doofenshmirtz: "To Uncle Phil, I'm wishing you the worst. Dr. Heinz Doofen—" Ow! (He gets kicked by Perry.)

(Cut back to the seminar, where Perry is fighting with Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, hold still so I can throw the book at ya! (Perry throws one at him) Ow! (The book hits the inator, which, as always, zaps out the window and hits an unsuspecting driver, who stops outside the backyard and sees the solar system.)

(Cut back to the seminar. Perry drops down onto the inator and pushes the self-destruct button with his foot.)
♪ Perry! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Noooooo!!!! Ah, man! Now I'm gonna have to use the money I made for repairs and medical bills.
(The attendees all gather and complain to Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: Now, now, now, wai-wait! (He walks out the building and looks both directions. He then runs and screams as the planetary race track goes by.) AAAaaah!!! Curse you, Perry the Platypus!!!

(Song: The Inator Method)
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Maybe you're a loser who's been sleeping in his car, ♪
♪ Or a crazy person saving all their toenails in a jar. (Nice!) ♪
♪ There may be many reasons you can count yourself subpar, ♪
♪ But the biggest one is you've signed up for this here seminar. ♪

Doofelations Season 4:219 | Night of the Living Pharmacists

(Saul Bass-style opening credits roll.)
(Scene opens on the Flynn-Fletcher house at sunset. POV tracking shot from someone walking. We hear footsteps as the camera walks toward the backyard fence. The cameraman opens the door to reveal Phineas and Ferb at work on something. Zoom in closer to Phineas.)
Phineas: (gasps)
(Cut to reveal Isabella at the gate.)
Isabella: Whatcha doin'?
Phineas: Oh, hi, Isabella. We were just building a polymer de-stabilizer for the binding catalyst of the—
Isabella: That's great, Phineas. Listen, uh, there's something I wanna tell you.
Phineas: Okay.
Isabella: Uh, it's about this patch.
Phineas: Oh, it's one of your accomplishment patches.
Isabella: Yeah, but...it's an Emotional Bravery Patch that I can only earn by walking up to somebody I—
Ferb: (clears his throat offscreen)
Phineas: Nice, Ferb! You found the new power supply!
Isabella: Um, Phineas? I, uh—
(Enter Buford and Baljeet.)
Buford: Hey, what's shakin', bacon?
Baljeet: You do realize that bacon does not shake.
Buford: Sir Francis Bacon?
Baljeet: I stand corrected.
Phineas: We're building a rubberization ray to give our skin rubber-like qualities. C'mon! We'll show you!
Isabella: (sighs, to herself) So you see, Phineas, I can only earn the patch by walking up to someone I care about and telling them face-to-face that I've got a huge crush on you.
(Cut to Phineas and the gang at the machine.)
Phineas: Remember how much fun it was to bounce around the world on a rubber ball?
Baljeet: If not a bit nauseating.
Buford: That was the fun part!
Phineas: So, how awesome would it be to actually be a rubber ball?
Buford: I'm in! Can we shoot Perry with it and bounce him around the backyard like a plat-a-ball?
Phineas: Um, no. But where is Perry?
(Cut to Perry entering his lair through the air conditioner. He approaches the screen to see Monogram in a hot tub.)
♪ Doo be doo be doo bah ♪
♪ Doo be doo be doo bah ♪
Major Monogram: Ah, Agent P, I see you found the new central air conditioning entrance.
Perry: (Chatters angrily)
Major Monogram: What? Oh, the hot tub. Purely therapeutic. The bubbles work wonders on a bad back. (The bubbles stop) Carl!
Carl: (exhales) I'm a little lightheaded, sir. Can I take a break?
Major Monogram: What am I not paying you for?!
Carl: Yes, sir. (inhales)
(The bubbles resume)
Major Monogram: Anyhoo, today's the unveiling of Danville's new water tower. Mayor Doofenshmirtz is going to be dedicating it tonight at his press conference. We're fairly certain that Doof'll attempt to disrupt the event in some way. Not only is it high profile, but, since it's right next door to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated, it's also extremely convenient. So get out there and stop him from doing whatever it is he is gonna... (the bubbles stop again) Carl! Bubbles!
Carl: (offscreen) Yes, sir. (groans and faints)
Major Monogram: Fine. You've got five minutes.

(Cut to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(Perry hang-glides onto the balcony. He walks around and gets trapped in a disco ball. Norm picks up the trapped platypus and hangs him onto a wire where the ball rotates around and he dances with Doof.)
(Song: Disco Miniature Golfing Queen (instrumental))
Doofenshmirtz: Woohoo! Time to boogie, baby! Whoo! Whoo! My hustle's out of muscle but I can still shake my brick house or whatever the kids are calling it these days. (a kitchen timer dings) Norm, get the doonkelberry pie out of the oven, wouldja?
Norm: You got it, sir!
Doofenshmirtz: (turns the music off) Vanessa's having some friends over for a little get-together, but I digress. Behold! The Repulse-inator! Whoever I hit with this inator will automatically become repulsive. (pushes the inator closer to the edge of the balcony) And, wouldn't you know it, my brother, Roger, is dedicating a new Danville water tower right below my ledge! Once he's hit by a beam from this baby, he'll become so abominable, so disgusting, so hideous, so noxious, so grotesque, (cut to reveal Doof reading from a thesaurus) so ghastly... Uh, anyway, Roger will become so repulsive that his popularity will plunge and mine will skyrocket by comparison, facilitating moi to take over the entire Tri-State Area! (Perry gives him a look) Don't look at me like that! I gotta good feeling about today! It's gonna happen. The only trouble with it is that this particular inator requires a lot more power than any other inator I've created for some bizarre reason. And, uh, I only have one functioning wall outlet in the lab. (cut to reveal the wall outlet overloaded with electrical wires and things) So, I'm gonna put a lot of strain on that.
Norm: Your pie, sir.
Doofenshmirtz: Thank you, Norm. Owwww!! Ow! This is hot!
Norm: Oops. Sorry, sir.
Doofenshmirtz: Did that just come right out of the oven?
Norm: (offscreen) Well, my hands are metal.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, now, mine are bacon, apparently. (shakes his hands) Look, I'm shakin' bacon! You like that? It's a callback to something I didn't even hear! In your face, logic!
Norm: Here's a potholder, sir.
Doofenshmirtz: Thank you. (to Perry) I'm gonna take this downstairs to Vanessa. Party on, Perry the Platypus! (he flips the switch and the music and disco lights resume)

(Cut to D.E.I. at night.)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Teenage Girl Movie Night ♪
(Cut to the living room where Vanessa and her friends are hanging out with Candace.)
Vanessa: So I thought we could watch this foreign art film I found. Le Coeur Noir De Douleur et de la Tristesse Douce.
Dana: Is that the one that's the neo-realistic portrayal of women's angst?
Heather: No, that's the other one. This one is about ennui.
Candace: Don't know if I've seen that one. Is it animated?
Lacie: So, Janice...
Candace: Candace.
Lacie: Nice black nail polish. And only on one finger? Rad.
Candace: Oh, it's actually a bruise. (chuckles) I slammed it in a drawer. Yeah, I think it's probably gonna fall off soon.
Birgitte: Did you download the new Young Apparatus album?
Lacie: No way. They're sellouts. I'm only listening to Coffin Shadows now. They're so independent, they pay you to download their songs.
Candace: Hmm. Coffin Shadows? I've never heard of them.
Lacie: New skirt?
Birgitte: Yeah, I turned it inside out, ripped it in half and then sewed it back together.
Lacie: Get your brother to drive over it a few times. It really weathers it.
Candace: (chuckles) Wow! You guys know everything.
(knock on door. Cut to Doof in the door with pie.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hello, ladies! I'm here with homemade doonkelberry pie!
Vanessa: Dad, I thought you were going to stay upstairs! I've got the snacks covered.
Doofenshmirtz: But, pookie, I thought you loved the doonkel-boonkel.
Vanessa: (takes the pie) Yes, I do love it and thank you, but (closes the door on him) please, Dad.
Doofenshmirtz: A-Are you watchin' foreign films?
Vanessa: Dad!
Doofenshmirtz: Maybe-Maybe I could join you guys for a lively discussion.
Vanessa: Goodbye, Dad.
Doofenshmirtz: Y'know, I-I-I-I can't stay anyway. As we speak, my nemesis is upstairs trying to work free from a trap that... So even if...if you wanted me to stay, I, uh... (she shuts the door on him) Bye.
(Cut to Candace dialing her phone in the bathroom.)
Candace: Stacy, this is amazing! I'm at an actual party with cool older girls! They know everything! They're so AHHHH! They're awesome! You've gotta get over here.
(Cut to Stacy in her living room.)
Stacy: Candace, I am so proud of myself! I think I totally hooked this thing up! It's incredible! It has picture-in-picture-in-picture! I'll be able to watch a show and then another show inside that show and then the first show again inside that one! And I managed to get it down to one clicker! I'm about to give it a whirl! (She points and clicks, but it turns off and on the TV of a neighbor's house behind her.) Hmm. (The neighbor behind her gets up and sees his TV turn on and off again in frustration.) Okay. Maybe there's still a bug or two to fix.

(Cut to D.E.I. upstairs. The disco music is still playing.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, party's over, Perry the Platy—
(Perry, already escaped from his trap, pounces on Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ow! Oh! Ah, man! Ah! Uh, not to be high-maintenance or anything, but d-do you mind we could fight a little quieter? Uh, the girls are watching a movie and I don't wanna dis— I didn't mean you to walk away. (Perry comes back with pillows.) I mean we could continue to fight. It's just they're so— (Perry whacks him with a pillow) A pillow fight! Perfect! It's violent and quiet! It is on!
(Music: The Blue Danube by Johann Strauss)
(They resume their pillow fight.)
Doofenshmirtz: Aw, come on! Do I get to land one or not? (Perry hits him in the face with a pillow.) I take that as a no? (Perry flings Doof and he hits a wall. Doof spits out some feathers.) Talk about "down in the mouth". Get it? It's, uh... Ah, whatever. Meet my friends, (holds up couch cushions) Poly and Ester! (He throws "Ester" over at Perry.)
(Music: Flight of the Bumblebee by Rimsky-Korsakov)
("Ester" hits the fire button on the inator.)
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) Uh-oh! I think it's overheating!
(The inator powers up and fires.)
(Cut to in front of the Danville Water Tower where Roger is giving his speech.)
Roger: The dedication—
(Roger gets zapped by the inator beam and begins to grotesquely transform. His glasses falls off and breaks. He faints from behind the podium. Cut back to Doof on the balcony.)
Doofenshmirtz: Run! It's gonna blow!
(Perry runs away but gets trapped inside a cage, which gets covered by an anvil and a box of bowling balls.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha! Trapped ya! You'll fall for anything, Perry the Platypus! (mockingly) "It's gonna blow!" (normal voice) As if, as if I would know ahead of time when something's going to—
(KABOOM!!!)
Doofenshmirtz: That was purely coincidental. But, hey! I hit Roger! Oh, he's gonna be repulsive now!
(Cut to the podium to reveal Roger now transformed into a zombie-like duplicate of his brother.)
Doof zombie (Roger): (groans)
(The spectators scream and flee.)
(Cut back to Doof, who is now upset by this turn of events)
Doofenshmirtz: (angrily) I get it. Repulsive. I see. That's just the universe making a joke at my expense!
Busty Woman: (gasps) What happened to Mayor Doofenshmirtz?!
Doof zombie (Roger): Lots of me...
(The Doof zombie grabs Melanie's arms while she screamed in horror, and she also transforms into a Doof zombie.)
Doof zombie (Melanie): Lots of me...
Doof zombies: Lots of me...
 Woman: No! Please! Stay back! Aaaaaaahh!
(A Doof zombie touch a woman and she transforms.)
 Man 1: No no! Nooooooooo!
 (Another Doof zombie touches a man and he transforms as well.)
 Doof zombies: Lots of me...
 (Doof zombies touch more people and turning them into Doof zombies.)
Man 2: No no! Aaaaah!
Doof zombies: Lots of me... Lots of me... Lots of me....

(Cut to D.E.I. We hear the news on television. Cut to inside to reveal Doof watching the news.)
Gordon Gutsofanemu: Good evening, I'm Gordon Gutsofanemu with a special report. The Tri-State Area is in chaos tonight as thousands of repulsive mindless pharmacists run rampant all over Danville!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, there they go with the whole "pharmacist" thing again! I-I should become one, that-that would show 'em! I should become a pharmacist!
Gordon Gutsofanemu: We now go live on the scene with our own Action News reporter, Don Adaded. Don?
Don Adaded: Thanks, Gordon. I'm standing here in downtown Danville. It's an unbelievable scene. Pharmacists touching people who turn into pharmacists. Ah, here's one of them now. Mr. Mindless Repulsive Pharmacist, care to comment?
Doof zombie: Lots of me! (touches Don)
Don Adaded: And there you have it, folks. I'm...
(Don gets transformed.)
Doof zombie (Don Adaded): Lots of me...
Gordon Gutsofanemu: (clearly frightened) Thanks...Don. L-Let's go to the weather.
Doof zombie (Weatherman): Lots of me...let's go to traffic.
(Cut to the chopper.)
Doof zombie (pilot): Lots of me...
Doof zombie (co-pilot): Back to you, Gordon.
Doof zombie (Gordon Gutsofanemu): Lots of me...
(Cut back to Doof's lab.)
Doofenshmirtz: I don't believe it! An entire army of mes! Heh heh! (runs to the elevator) Oh! For once, I'll actually be able to take over the Tri-State Area 'cause I'll have, you know, the volume. Ciao, baby!
(Song: Army of Me)
The Fake Andrews Sisters: ♪ Who's that guy with the lab coat on? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: I wonder who.
The Fake Andrews Sisters: ♪ Who's that guy with the vacant expression? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: I'll never tell.
The Fake Andrews Sisters: ♪ It's not a conclusion that it's so forgone. ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Okay, it's me, ♪
♪ And me, ♪
♪ And me, ♪
♪ And also me! ♪
Over there, that's me, too.

The Fake Andrews Sisters: ♪ Who's that guy with the jutting jaw? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, baby!
The Fake Andrews Sisters: ♪ Who's that guy with the receding forehead? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Hey!
The Fake Andrews Sisters: ♪ Who's that guy living outside of the law? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Oh, that's me, ♪
♪ And me, ♪
♪ And me, ♪
♪ And also me! ♪

♪ Get out of my way, ♪
♪ 'Cause anyone can see, ♪
♪ I'm about to settle down for some serious me-time! ♪
The Fake Andrews Sisters: ♪ If you painted his picture, ♪
♪ It would have to be a mural. ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ 'Cause I'm tellin' you now, ♪
♪ I've never been so plural! ♪
Doofenshmirtz and the Fake Andrews Sisters: ♪ Look outside, you're bound to see ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ An army of me! ♪
The Fake Andrews Sisters: ♪ An army of him. ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ An army of me! ♪
I'm ubiquitous, really, I'm everywhere!
♪ An army of me! ♪
The Fake Andrews Sisters: ♪ An army of him. ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ A whole army of me! ♪
Doof zombie (female singer): ♪ Ah-dah, doo'n dah'n dah wow! ♪

(Cut to City Hall.)
Doofenshmirtz: Bingo! City Hall! The first step of my conquest to the Tri-State Area! No longer will I be made fun of by small children and their silly jokes that mock me! Like, "Knock knock!" "Who's there?" "Doofus in a lab coat!" "Doofus in a lab coat who?" And then they hold up a mirror. That-That's not even a punchline! It's just—Uh, nevermind. They will all soon learn to fear the name of Dr. Heinz Doofenshm— (The Doof zombies walk away.) Hey, come back here! You guys are my army!

(Scene opens on Perry grabbed by what appears to be a Doof zombie, but is actually the real Doofenshmirtz.)
Doofenshmirtz: Lots of me... Naw, I'm just kidding! It's...It's me! But those guys are annoying, aren't they? Anyway, welcome to my Startle Space. I wanted a panic room, but it was just prohibitively expensive. I just had to get to a place where I could clear my head, man. Those other mes, they're really workin' my last nerve. "Lots of me... Lots of me..." One of me is fine, but, ih, I can really be annoying en masse. I'll admit it. So, uh, are you hungry? I got plenty of food. (Perry takes down a can of almond brittle.) Or maybe you wanna play a game. I got some old Drusselstein board games here, like, ooh, "Kleptocracy"! Vanessa used to love this game when she was a— (gasps) Vanessa! Oh no! She's still in the building! We need to stop those mes before they get to her or, or she could turn into me! That's every child's worst nightmare! Well, (Stammers) not me, specifically, other children are afraid of turning into me. It's just that I'm saying turning into your parent. That's what's scary. (gasps) Vanessa! Vanessa! (He runs out the door.)
Doof zombie: Lots of me..., etc.

(Cut to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Vanessa! Vanessa! Alright, alright, party's over! I've had it up to here with you mes! Y'know, I'm really getting sick of the sound of my own voice. Now I understand where Charlene was coming from.
Doof zombies: (crowding Doof) Lots of me... Lots of me..., etc.
Doofenshmirtz: AAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!
(Cut to the D.E.I. door where the zombies carry Doof out of the building and dump him on the sidewalk.)
Doof zombies: Less of me... Less of me... Less of me...
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, typical. Typical. Yeah, turn on your creator. You guys are all cliché, I'm just letting you know!

(Cut to Fireside Girls Headquarters.)
Giant Floating Doofy Zombie Head (Giant Floating Baby Head): Lots of me...
(Gretchen and Ginger, standing on each other's shoulders and dressed as a pharmacist zombie, return to Fireside Girls Headquarters)
Gretchen: Katie, bar the door. (Katie does so) Is she back yet?
Holly: No sign of her. We've searched everywhere.
Milly: Where could she be?
Gretchen: She's probably still with Phineas and Ferb. She'll make it.
(a collection of tin cans ring out as an alarm)
Adyson: Perimeter alert! We have incoming.
Gretchen: Stations, everyone! (to Ginger) Put out that light. (Ginger does so) Katie?
Katie: Yup. (turns to the door) Friend or pharmacist?
Phineas: (behind door) It's us, let us in! (Katie opens the door; Phineas, Ferb, Baljeet and Buford enter)
Adyson: It's Phineas and Ferb!
Ginger: And Baljeet.
Phineas: Isabella, are you here?
Gretchen: (gasps) We thought she was with you.
Adyson: Isabella's still out there?
Buford: I toldja, man! She's probably wearin' a lab coat by now!
Phineas: It can't be!
Baljeet: I am afraid Buford is right, Phineas.
Doof zombie: Lots of me... (chatters teeth like Perry)
Baljeet: The odds of anyone surviving out there for this long—
Phineas: If anyone can do it, Isabella can!
Buford: It doesn't matter anyway! Sooner or later, they're gonna figure out we're in here; then they're gonna come in here! They're gonna come in here and they're gonna come in here and they're gonna—
Gretchen: (slaps Buford) Lock it down, soldier! No one is gonna get in here, ya hear me?!
Buford: (beat) I am so in love with her right now.
Phineas: Okay, I'm running out of ideas. I don't know where she could be.
(A floorboard is heard banging. The boys and the Fireside Girls all gasp. The trap door opens up to reveal...)
Isabella: I'm right here.
Phineas: Isabella! I'm so sorry we lost track of you.
Isabella: There's no time! We have a job to do!
Adyson, Ginger and Gretchen: (infatuated) OooooOOOooooh!
Isabella: We may be the only non-pharmacists left in Danville. I think I figured out where this started. And if we could get there, we might be able to figure out how it started and reverse it.
Phineas: Wait. How did you find out where it started?
Isabella: (uncapping a marker) Well, I'm glad you asked.
(Song: Triangulation)
Isabella: ♪ Roger Doofenshmirtz, we know, is six feet and two inches tall ♪
♪ And the beam that hit him left a weird impression on that wall. ♪
♪ So I took the angle from that point of where I knew he stood, ♪
♪ And I found the building just like that because I understood. ♪

(Cut to Agent P surrounded by the OWCA-Doofs and the Doof zombies.)
Doof zombies: Lots of me..., etc.
Doof zombie (Agent B): (Growls)
(A helicopter whirs overhead.)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, need a ride? (a rope ladder drops down from the chopper) Oh, oh, oh, wait, I should've said, "Need a lift?" That's what— I totally missed it.
(Perry climbs up the rope ladder and into the chopper to safety.)
Doofenshmirtz: It's much safer up here, huh? You might still wanna buckle up, though. It's my first time flying a helicopter.
(Perry buckles up.)

(Cut to Doof and Perry in the chopper.)
Doofenshmirtz: Man, I've had off days before, but this is a lulu, even for me. I-I never thought I could get so sick of myself. Oh, well. You know, at least with a disaster of this proportion, things can't get any worse.
(Doof looks behind him as the Doof Agent B growls at him and he whimpers. The bear fights Doof in his chopper. Doof and Perry almost fall out but hang on.)
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, Perry the Platypus, when you get a minute, grab the controls, would you-
(While Doof and the bear fight, Perry takes control of the chopper and steers it willy-nilly.)

(Cut to Doof's lab.)
Vanessa: This is it, my dad's floor.
Candace: Thank goodness.
(Candace, Vanessa, Phineas, Ferb, and Isabella walk up to the door and open it to see countless Doof-zombies.)
Doof zombies: Lots of me..., etc.
Vanessa: Whoa, this place is crawling with them.
Isabella: (pointing to the destroyed inator) There it is! That must be where the ray came from!
Candace: Ugh! If only there was a way to get rid of all those zombies.
(Right on cue, the chopper crashes into the balcony and whirs all the zombies backward. Perry stops the chopper and the bear Doof zombie crashes into the panic room door.)
Doof zombies: Lots of...
Vanessa: Strange and unusual.
Candace: Same old same old. Come on!
Doofenshmirtz: (coughs) Oh, I sure hope the poor slob who lives here has insurance. That would be... (He looks around to see he is "the poor slob who lives here".) Oh, crud. Vanessa!
Vanessa: Dad! (runs up to him for a hug) It's you! Okay, so what did you do?
Doofenshmirtz: Well, it was just a simple Repulse-inator, y'know to, to make Roger ugly, but then, there was some sort of power surge and this happened!
Phineas: (tinkering with the inator) Well, that explains the electromagnetic charge that's changing everybody. But we need some kind of conductor that neutralizes it.
Isabella: Well, water neutralizes static.
Phineas: Yes! Water should change everyone back!
Vanessa: Um, isn't that a bit of a leap?
Doofenshmirtz: No, I'm a scientist. I'm gonna go with 'im on that. I might have a water pistol lying around. I-I can go get it.
Phineas: Yeah, but we've gotta find a way to get everyone in Danville wet at once. Otherwise, the contagion could start again.
Isabella: We can wait till it rains.
Candace: Oh! We don't have time! And when does it ever rain here?
Phineas: Unfortunately, the water went out with the power. So we need to find a large supplier of water. Preferably elevated so that gravity can work in our favor.
(Ferb points up to the Danville water tower.)
Phineas: Yeah, I know. We just need to build a pulley system to get us over there and some sort of giant sprinkler to spray the whole city.
Vanessa: There's always lots of spare parts laying around here.
Doofenshmirtz: I like to tinker.
Phineas: Let's get to work!
(Montage: The gang all begin working on the pulley system and everything else. At one point, Doof suggests a self-destruct button, but Phineas refuses it.)
(Cut to the Doof zombies regaining consciousness.)
Doof zombies: Lots of me..., etc.
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, fellas, I think you might wanna hurry up.
Phineas: You guys hold 'em off! And don't forget to rubber up!
(Candace and Vanessa put on rubber gloves and get out toilet plungers.)
Doofenshmirtz: (doing a karate yell and wearing rubber gloves on his arms and head)
Vanessa: Dad, why are you wearing that? Aren't you immune?
Doofenshmirtz: Well, everyone else was dressing up.
Doof zombies: Lots of me..., etc.
Phineas: That's it! Everything's built! Let's go over the plan. (They take out scale models.) One: Ferb shoots the grappling hook, which attaches to the service platform of the water tower. Two: We send the vortex sprayer up the line. Three: We all ride up in the basket lift. Four: Once we reach the tower, I'll climb into the top of the tank...
Candace: Talk faster!
Phineas: ...and open the hatch. Five: Isabella will attach the connecting claw to the open hatch, which will move the vortex sprayer into place.
Vanessa: (offscreen) Phineas, we can't hold them much longer!
Phineas: Whoever makes it to the vortex sprayer first presses that button to activate it! (Breathes) Alright, any questions?
Candace: Yeah, was it worth the time it took to build a scale model?
Phineas: Totally. Anyone else? Yeah, you in the back?
Doof zombie: Lots of me...
Vanessa: Hurry up, guys!
(Ferb fires the grappling hook and it latches onto the letter "V".)
Vanessa: Great shot, Ferb!
Candace: Vanessa, behind you! (gets touched and transforms) Oh, crud. Lots of...
Doof zombie (Candace): ...me...
Phineas: Candace!
Doof zombie (Candace): Lots of me...
Phineas: NOOOOOOOO!!!!
Isabella: Come on, guys! We gotta go!
Phineas: Hurry!
(Isabella, Phineas and Ferb climb into the bucket and it pulls them up.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, man, what I wouldn't give for that single-minded focus. Hey, what's that over there?
(Cut to Perry attempting to climb out of the helicopter door, but he gets touched and transforms, too.)
Doof zombie (Perry): (chatters) Lots of me...
Doofenshmirtz: No! Not Perry the Platypus!!
Vanessa: There's too many of them! Dad?! (gets touched and transforms)
Doofenshmirtz: No! Not Vanessa!!!
Doof zombie (Vanessa): Lots of me?
Doofenshmirtz: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!! (takes off his gloves) That's it! That's it! That's it! (takes off his lab coat and shirt) I've had enough of you mes! (Doof is now in his underdrawers.) Alright, you freaks! Fresh meat! Yippee-ki-yay, you pharmacist freaks! Yippee-ki-yay!
Phineas: Again with the clothes.
Isabella: I know. What's that all about?
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) This is yet another callback to something I didn't hear!
Isabella: Wow! Look at that! We may be the only ones left.
(The bucket begins swaying back and forth. Cut to reveal the Doof zombies pulling on the rope.)
Isabella: Oh no! The line's breaking! We're not gonna make it!
Phineas: We have to! If we don't make it, Danville falls!
(The vortex sprayer makes it, but Phineas, Ferb and Isabella's bucket's line breaks and it falls. Ferb somehow steers the bucket to land onto the stairway.)
Doof zombies: Lots of me..., etc.
Phineas: Is everyone all right?
Isabella: I'm good!
Phineas: And there's the vortex sprayer! C'mon, let's go!
(They run up the stairs panting.)
Doof zombies: Lots of me..., etc.
(Phineas, Ferb and Isabella are now surrounded by zombies.)
Phineas: We're not gonna make it!
Ferb: No. You and Isabella will make it. (He charges into the zombies.)
Phineas: Ferb! No!
(Ferb flings himself at the zombies.)
Ferb: (grunts)
(One of the zombies grabs Ferb's mask and touches him.)

(Cut to D.E.I. headquarters, where Candace and Vanessa are back to normal and soaked.)
Vanessa: Oh, hey there, Candace. You okay?
Candace: Oh, yeah, totes. Just hangin' out, rockin' the wet lo— Oh, who'm I kidding? Look at me.
Vanessa: Well, you're pretty cool under pressure.
Candace: You weren't so bad yourself.
Vanessa: Thanks. It was good hanging with you. We should do it again sometime. Preferably without the threat of a zombie apocalypse.
Doofenshmirtz: I'm not makin' any promises.
Candace: Well, see you around. (she leaves)
Vanessa: Definitely. Come on, Dad. Let's go play a game of Kleptocracy.
Doofenshmirtz: That's my girl.

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ At first, I was thinkin', "Hey, this is great!" ♪
♪ But there's more of me than even I can tolerate! ♪
♪ Plus, now I really notice I should lose some weight, ♪
♪ Get a shave, get a trim, exfoliate! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Watch 'em milling about like a bunch of lost sheep, ♪
♪ Now everyone in town thinks I'm kind of a creep. ♪
♪ I'm not philosophical, I'm not that deep, ♪
♪ But I guess what you sow, you kinda gotta reap. ♪

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Now there's lots of me, yeah, there's lots of me! ♪
♪ If you wanna, you can play connect-the-dots with me! ♪
♪ Tell all the haters who been takin' pot-shots at me, ♪
♪ You gotta target what you fire, but there's lots of me! ♪

Doof zombies: ♪ Lots of me... ♪
♪ Lo-Lo-Lots of me... ♪
♪ Lots of me... ♪
♪ Lo-Lo-Lots of me... ♪
♪ Lots of me... ♪
♪ Lo-Lo-Lots of me... ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ What I'm tryin' to say is there's lots of me!! ♪

(As seen on Netflix and Disney+)
(Song: Army of Me)
The Fake Andrews Sisters: ♪ Who's that guy with the lab coat on? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: I wonder who.
The Fake Andrews Sisters: ♪ Who's that guy with the vacant expression? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: I'll never tell.
The Fake Andrews Sisters: ♪ It's not a conclusion that it's so forgone. ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Okay, it's me, ♪
♪ And me, ♪
♪ And me, ♪
♪ And also me! ♪
Over there, that's me, too.

The Fake Andrews Sisters: ♪ Who's that guy with the jutting jaw? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, baby!
The Fake Andrews Sisters: ♪ Who's that guy with the receding forehead? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Hey!
The Fake Andrews Sisters: ♪ Who's that guy living outside of the law? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Oh, that's me ♪

Doofelations Season 4:220 | Tales from the Resistance: Back to the 2nd Dimension

(Scene opens on a small green vortex coming towards the camera.)
Female Voice: (whispering) I am ashparash!
Charlene-2: (narrating) Our dimension is changed.
Male Voice: (also whispering) What's that?
Female Voice: (whispering) It's Elvish.
Charlene-2: (narrating) I feel it in the water.
Male Voice: (whispering) Yes, but what does it mean?
Female Voice: (whispering) It doesn't mean anything. It's a made-up language.
Charlene-2: (narrating) I feel it in the earth.
Male Voice: (whispering) Oh, then I want to try one.
Charlene-2: (narrating) I feel it in the little pieces of apple in my Waldorf salad.
Female Voice: (whispering) Go ahead.
Charlene-2: (narrating) Much of what once was...
Male Voice: (whispering) Sepulveda.
Charlene-2: (narrating) is lost.
Female Voice: (whispering) What?
Male Voice: (whispering) It's an exit off the 405.
Charlene-2: (narrating) For some now live who remember it the way it really happened.
(Title card.)
(A montage of scenes from Across the Second Dimension plays during the following narration.)
Charlene-2: (narrating) Like all terrible things, it started with small-minded people who became great. Victory was near. But small things can also be good, and can work against evil, like how a tiny cat hair can ruin an evil sandwich. The great empire fell and fell some more. And what was once evil melted away and was replaced by the love of a choo-choo. Soon all discovered that there was more to life than vigilance. All but one.
(The montage crossfades into a picture of the second dimension Flynn-Fletcher family. Zoom out to reveal second dimension Candace's bedroom.)
Candace-2: (voiceover) War journal entry number... Uh, I mean, Dear Diary, It's been two months since the fall of Doofenshmirtz, but every morning I think I'm gonna wake up back in the underground. I feel restless. I need a challenge. I need a mission. I can feel myself getting softer. Doofenshmirtz is in jail and everyone is trying to embrace their new freedom. I alone know better. I can feel evil still out there, getting stronger while I sit in my room, waiting for the other shoe to drop.

(Cut back to Candace-2's bedroom. Candace is doing pull-ups.)
Candace-2: (grunts) 999...
(Her vanity monitor begins beeping. She puts a lightbulb in and Major Monogram-2 appears on screen.)
Major Monogram-2: Good, you're home.
Candace-2: Monogram? Is there trouble? Do you need me?
Major Monogram-2: Hoo-hoo, stand down there. We captured Doofenshmirtz. Nothing left to resist. And it would look foolish to just stand there, resisting nothing... Well, unless you're a mime. Then it would look totally cool.
Candace-2: If there's no trouble, why are you calling?
Major Monogram-2: Oh, right! Ahem. As you know, after our agents were all captured and O.W.C.A. fell, your resistance partly operated out of our old headquarters.
Candace-2: Yeah, so?
Major Monogram-2: Yeah, well, um, now that we're trying to rebuild our spy network, I was wondering, um, where did you put the keys?
Candace-2: They're under the ceramic frog.
Carl-2: (appearing on the right side of the vanity) Oh, I love your three-monitor vanity!
Major Monogram-2: Carl will be helping me locate our animal agents so that we can—
Carl-2: (spinning around) Hey, I got my own monitor! Wee-hee!
Major Monogram-2: Carl, do you mind?
(Carl-2 ducks down.)
Major Monogram-2: Now, let's see. Where was I? Oh, yeah. (During this, Carl-2 appears on different sides of the vanity and mocks Monogram-2) So, yeah, if-if you get a chance, tell Agent P he can return to work anytime, and, uh, and if you see any other small animals, you can tell them to... Carl, why don't you go over and check the ceramic frog?
Carl-2: Yes, sir.
Candace-2: Major Monogram, do you want me to come over there and help you guys?
Major Monogram-2: No, no. Doofenshmirtz is in jail. Everything's fine. Go-Go to your picnic and relax. Dress festive, be young! Ha. You've earned it.
Candace-2: But, Major, I'm trained to—
Major Monogram-2: Leave the responsibility to us, young lady.
Carl-2: (offscreen) Look, Major Monogram, I found it!
Major Monogram-2: Carl, no! That's a real frog!
Carl-2: (offscreen) Oh.
Frog: Ribbit.
Carl-2: (offscreen) Ew!
Major Monogram-2: Yeah, I gotta run. You go have fun.
(The monitor becomes a mirror again.)
Candace-2: (sighs and gets her red shirt from a coat hanger) Well, I guess it's time to dress festive.

(Cut back to Isabella-2 being chased by a flying robot. She traps the bot and one of the ant's legs comes apart. Phineas-2 and Ferb-2 run away from the ant toppling over. Cut back to Candace-2 chasing the flying ant. She destroys it and it crashes into a tree and explodes.)
Candace-2: Are you guys all right?
Phineas-2: We're fine, but cyborg animals have captured Perry.
Candace-2: The robot ants must have been a diversion. (turns on her cell phone) Monogram, we just got ambushed at the picnic. This has Doofenshmirtz written all over it.
Major Monogram-2: (on screen) Well, that's impossible. He's right here in our detention facility. I-I-I just played checkers with him. (He cheats, by the way.)
Candace-2: These giant ants didn't send themselves!
Phineas-2: Ask him about the cyborg animal agents!
Major Monogram-2: The what?! Was one of them a panda and the other one of those shaky rat dogs?
Phineas-2: Yeah, yeah, where'd they come from?
Major Monogram-2: Ah, well, I didn't want to say anything before, but we kind of lost track of some of the agents when Doof took over.
Candace-2: How many did you lose?
Major Monogram-2: Carl, hand me that roster. (Carl-2 gives him a notepad) Let's see, including Agent P... (He hums the ABC song.) ♪ A-B-C-D, hmm, hmm, hmm... ♪
Carl-2: 26, sir.
Major Monogram-2: 26!
Phineas-2: Ferb, if we can access Perry's location chip, maybe we can ambush those cyborgs and rescue Perry.
Candace-2: Yeah, no way! You guys are staying here where it's safe.
Phineas-2: Candace, we can handle this. Who was it that got past the security grid to free you from Doof's tower?
Candace-2: Okay, but take the Firestorm Girls. It could get hairy. And while you do that, I'll go find out who's behind all this.
Phineas-2: Come on, Ferb!

(Cut to OWCA's high security prison. The doors open and Candace-2 steps inside. She walks up to Doof-2's cell to see him playing with his toy train.)
Doofenshmirtz-2: Ah, Choo-Choo, look! We have company!
Candace-2: All right, Doofenshmirtz, what do you know about robotic picnic ants and a fist-full of cyborgs?
Doofenshmirtz-2: Ants at a picnic? So it's a...it's a rhetorical question, is it?
Candace-2: Don't play smart with me, villain. You're behind the attack at the park. Now, spill it!
Doofenshmirtz-2: What? You're blaming me? I-I-I've been locked up in here with Choo-Choo. Isn't that right, Choo-Choo? Yes. Yes, it is. See? H-He'll provide an alibi.
Candace-2: Don't lie to me! There's Doof-tech scattered all over that park.
Doofenshmirtz-2: Well, it wasn't me. There is, however, another Doofenshmirtz.
Candace-2: Vanessa! I knew it!
Doofenshmirtz-2: No, no, not Vanessa. She's just in high school. And she doesn't show any aptitude for evil. As a parent, I'm really disappointed. No, I'm-I'm talking about the other other Doofenshmirtz. Charlene! (whip pan to a photo of Charlene-2) ♪ Bum bum bum! ♪
Candace-2: And who is that?
Doofenshmirtz-2: Charlene Doofenshmirtz. She's my ex-wife. I-I guess you guys have never met. That kinda takes away the drama of the reveal. But it's her.

(Cut to an interrogation room. Doof-2 is in the room while Monogram-2 and Carl-2 are on the other side.)
Major Monogram-2: We've had Doofenshmirtz moved to this interrogation room so Candace Flynn can question him thoroughly.
Carl-2: Are you sure he can't see you?
Major Monogram-2: It's a one-way mirror. Here, watch this. (He makes a face at Doof-2.)
Doofenshmirtz-2: You know, I can see you!
Major Monogram-2: Oh, maybe it's just that he can't hear us.
Doofenshmirtz-2: I can hear you, too!
Major Monogram-2: Huh. Maybe I just don't know how this one-way mirror thing works.
(A couple of movers walk in carrying a piece of glass.)
Mover: Comin' through.
Major Monogram-2: Oh, okay. Now I'm embarrassed.
(The glass is placed on the window.)

(Cut to the other side where Doof-2 admires his reflection.)
Candace-2: Alright, knock it off, glamour boy.
Doofenshmirtz-2: I just haven't seen a mirror for two months. Did my hair always look like this?
Candace-2: Just park your caboose in that chair.
Doofenshmirtz-2: Choo-Choo is not a caboose. It's an engine.
Candace-2: Clam it, wise guy! You know why I'm here and you better cooperate, because there are worse things than sittin' in a cold, dank prison cell with your little choo-choo train.
Doofenshmirtz-2: Like what?
Candace-2: Like sitting in a cold, dank prison cell without your little choo-choo train.
Doofenshmirtz-2: You wouldn't!
Candace-2: Try me.
Doofenshmirtz-2: Alright, I'll talk.
Candace-2: Tell me about your ex-wife, Charlene.
Doofenshmirtz-2: What do you wanna know?
Candace-2: (slams her Bo staff on the table) Where's her hideout?
Doofenshmirtz-2: Sheesh! She's got a penthouse uptown. You can't miss it. It has "Charlene" written in bright lights across the top of it.
Candace-2: How do I get in?
Doofenshmirtz-2: You would have to pass through the identification scrutinizer. Only a Doofenshmirtz can get through.
Candace-2: Lucky for us, we got one of those.
Doofenshmirtz-2: Yeah. Oh! You mean me, right?

(Cut to the Resistance's underground lair.)
Phineas-2: Dr. Baljeet, we're back and we have Perry!
Dr. Baljeet: That is great. And I think I figured out how to get this giant ant going again.
Phineas-2: Great! So everything's going to plan?
Doofenshmirtz-2: (offscreen) Hey, kids! (cut to reveal Doof-2 on a dolly cuffed and facemasked) Where do you keep the silverware?
Isabella-2, Holly-2 and Adyson-2: (gasp)
Isabella-2: What's he doing here?!
Candace-2: At ease. He's still a prisoner. I'm just using him to get into Charlene's penthouse.
Phineas-2: Wow, cool restraints.
Candace-2: Actually, he asked for this stuff.
Doofenshmirtz-2: The mask makes me sound all creepy. Here, check this out. Fava beans... Fava...
Candace-2: Okay, that's enough. Hey, where's Ferb?
Phineas-2: Oh, well, I'm sure he'd just—
Candace-2: Ugh! We don't have time to wait for him. We gotta get over to Charlene's. Phineas, Perry, you're with me.
Doofenshmirtz-2: Fava beans... Heh heh heh heh...

(Cut to:)
♪ Charleeeeeene's Nolongermarriedtodoofenshmirtz Penthoooooouuuuse ♪
Candace-2: (to Doof-2) Now, you, do what you have to do to get us in.
Doofenshmirtz-2: Okay. Okay. (He puts his hand on the scanner, then his eye in the retina scanner.) Aaahhh... (A machine scans his tongue and ear.)
Candace-2: Wow, the identity scrutinizer is really thorough.
(Cut to reveal Doof-2 scanning his butt.)
Doofenshmirtz-2: You have no idea. (Ding! The doors open) Come along, people.

(Cut to inside the penthouse.)
Vanessa-2: Uh, Mom, Tony Marzulo asked me out to the movies. Can I go?
Charlene-2: (getting her nails filed by a rat-borg) Didn't your father banish him?
Vanessa-2: Yeah, but Dad banished every boy that asked me to the movies. Besides, Dad's no longer in power.
Charlene-2: The day isn't over yet, dear.
Vanessa-2: But, Mom...
Charlene-2: I don't know. (to the Rat-borg) What do you think?
Rat-borg: (squeaks)
Charlene-2: There's your answer.
Vanessa-2: Uh, thanks?
(Cut to Candace-2 looking behind the door.)
Candace-2: Okay, fellas. There she is. Let's get her attention. (She swipes some plates off the shelf behind her with her Bo staff and the plates shatter into pieces.)
Charlene-2: What the heck is goin' on in there?!
Candace-2: (bursting through the door) We got you now, Charlene! Your evil days are over!
Charlene-2: Oh, how sweet! Do come in and thank you for returning my husband.
Candace-2: Husband? I thought you two were divorced.
Charlene-2: It was all a ruse, honey.
Candace-2: Wait, you two are pretending to be divorced? Why would you do that?
Charlene-2: Naive child, let me explain.
(Song: All the Convoluted Reasons We Pretend to be Divorced)
Charlene-2: ♪ When a dictator gets deposed, ♪
♪ And then he's thrown into the DOC... ♪
Doofenshmirtz-2: ♪ Oy vey! ♪
Charlene-2: ♪ His wife is thrown in right beside him ♪
♪ Under key and lock. ♪
♪ So to avoid a situation ♪
♪ With such limited appeal... ♪
Doofenshmirtz-2: ♪ Me and Mrs. Doofenshmirtz, ♪
♪ We struck a little deal. ♪

Charlene-2: ♪ We told everyone around us ♪
♪ We had split. ♪
Doofenshmirtz-2: ♪ Yes, we were through! ♪
♪ So, if they came to haul me off, ♪
♪ They wouldn't get her, too. ♪
Charlene-2: ♪ There's that and then there's also tax ♪
♪ Advantages, of course. ♪
Doofenshmirtz-2 and Charlene-2: ♪ All the convoluted reasons ♪
♪ We pretend to be divorced. ♪

Charlene-2: ♪ We don't agree on restaurants ♪
♪ Or where to holiday. ♪
Doofenshmirtz-2: ♪ But now for those activities ♪
♪ We go our separate ways. ♪
Doofenshmirtz-2 and Charlene-2: ♪ We spend so little time together, ♪
♪ Conversation's never forced. ♪
♪ All the convoluted reasons ♪
♪ We pretend to be divorced. ♪

Candace-2: Okay, I get it, you're still married. But why would you send the ants to the picnic? You had to know we'd come after you.
Charlene-2: Of course. And I also knew you would use Heinz to get in the building, bringing my husband back to me and getting you here, so I could get the drop on you.
Candace-2: A lot of convoluted reasons there, too.
Charlene-2: We've got another song! (The music starts up again.)
Candace-2: No no, we're good. (The music warps down.)
Charlene-2: And now, children, we have prepared a nice cozy prison cell for you. (The animal cyborgs surround them.)
Candace-2: All the animal agents!
Charlene-2: Wait, you haven't seen my newest one!
(Ferb-2 walks in wearing sunglasses. He takes them off to reveal one of his eyes is now a cyborg eye.)
Candace-2: (gasps offscreen) You villain! You turned my brother into a cyborg!
Charlene-2: Ferb-borg, relieve Candace of her weapon. (to Peter the Pandaborg) Take them to the holding cell to await cyborg reprogramming. (they leave) Oh, it's so good to have a cyborg who can actually speak.
Ferb-2: Well, I usually say only one line per day.
Charlene-2: One line, really? Why?
Ferb-2: (blinks)
Charlene-2: Seriously? That was it?
Ferb-2: (blinks)
Doofenshmirtz-2: Eh. Weird kid.
Charlene-2: Well, Heinz, shall we retake over the Tri-State Area now?
Doofenshmirtz-2: Actually, I-I-I don't really wanna be an evil dictator anymore. I've got everything I need right here. (He gives Choo-Choo to Charlene-2.) My Choo-Choo, my family, this lovely penthouse, my freedom and... (Cut to outside as Choo-Choo is thrown out the window.) Choo-Choo!!! Backstory reforming... Evil returning... Aw, yeah! I'm back, baby!!!

(Cut to outside the penthouse where the mechanical ant is butting his head against the side of the building.)
Dr. Baljeet: (offscreen) That is not how to make it climb, Buford.
Buford-2: Oh, you wanna climb the building!
(The ant begins climbing up the building.)
Doofenshmirtz-2: Hey, looks like someone's comin' late to the party.
Charlene-2: That's okay, dear. I've got a little present for our unwelcome guest. (Puts a large metal capsule on her right arm.)
Doofenshmirtz-2: Wow, y-you know, Charlene, you're really on top of things here. Tomorrow, I'm taking you shopping for a new evil pantsuit.
(Cut back to outside. The ant reaches the top.)
Isabella-2: Alright, everybody! Go go!
(Charlene-2 shoots a laser out of her capsule and the ant falls down.)
Isabella-2: So much for our ride home.
Doofenshmirtz-2: Wow, nice shot!
Charlene-2: (on a walkie-talkie) Attention, all animal cyborgs, attend to our guests!
(The animal cyborgs all charge out. Except for Terry the Turtleborg who slowly jogs out to tuba music.)
(Cut back to Isabella-2 and the others.)
Dr. Baljeet: All we have to do is get these magnetic deprogramming chips near the cyborgs' frontal lobes and they will no longer be evil.
Isabella-2: How do we do that?
Buford-2: (getting a fedora out of a bag) Look, we sewed 'em into these little hats.
Isabella-2: Aw, that's so cute!
(Crash!)
Isabella-2: Everyone, grab a hat! We've got cyborgs to reprogram!
(Isabella-2, Buford-2, Dr. Baljeet and the Firestorm Girls each grab a fedora.)
Doofenshmirtz-2: Now finish him off! (Charlene-2 is about to shoot but Candace-2 drops down.) Ahhh...
(Candace-2 knocks the capsule off Charlene-2's arm.)
Candace-2: Give it up, Charlene!
Charlene-2: Seems to me you're still outnumbered.
(Doof-2 runs behind a chair.)
Charlene-2: Seriously, how did he ever run this place without me?
(Cut back to Isabella-2 and the rest.)
Isabella-2: Alright, fan out! (Isabella-2 runs up to Pinky the Chihuahuaborg.)
Pinky the Chihuahuaborg: (growls)
Isabella-2: Pinky, I just wanna...
(Pinky-2 blasts at her.)
Isabella-2: Okay, so you're not a hat guy. Take it easy.
(Phineas-2 pulls a sneak attack and puts the fedora on Pinky-2. The hat electrocutes the cyborg gear and breaks it off him turning him good again.)
Pinky-2: (pants happily)
Isabella-2: Pinky! (she hugs him) Good to have you back! (kisses him)
(Cut to Candace-2 and Charlene-2)
Candace-2: Surrender or there'll be big trouble.
Charlene-2: Oh, I think I'll go with that second thing you mentioned.
(Peter the Pandaborg throws a Bo staff Charlene-2's way. Charlene-2 and Candace-2 fight.)
(Cut to Holly-2 fighting the Kittyborg. Gretchen-2 puts the fedora on the Kittyborg. Cut to the Dogborg. Ginger-2 taps his shoulder and he looks while Adyson-2 puts the fedora on his head. Cut to Peter the Pandaborg fighting Ferb. Ferb gets cornered but Perry-2 jumps in to block. Perry-2 fights Peter-2. Gretchen-2 comes in running after the Chickenborg. Cut back to Charlene-2 and Candace-2's fight.)
Charlene-2: End of the line, kid! What a shame! I'll make ya an offer. I could get rid of you right now or you could join me. You could be the leader of my cyborg army.
Candace-2: (smiling) Actually, it looks like your cyborg army may have changed their minds.
Charlene-2: Wait, what are you talking about? (Agent R-2 breaks off one of Charlene-2's fingernails.) My manicure!! (she trips over a piece of equipment) Whoa!
Candace-2: It's all over, Charlene. (The reformed animal agents surround her.) Now surrender.
Charlene-2: Ha! (presses a remote causing another capsule to come out of the floor) A Doofenshmirtz never surrenders! We fight until the last man!
Doofenshmirtz-2: Hey, wait a minute! I'm the last man! D-Don't I get a say in this?
Charlene-2: Oh, come on, honey. It'll be fun.
Vanessa-2: Alright, hold it! Everybody just stop! (opening the animal agents like a door) Excuse me. (to Candace-2) Can I talk to my parents? Listen, Mom, Dad, come here. You guys, I'm only gonna say this once. (breathes) RUN!!!
(Cut to Peter the Pandaborg coming out of the rubble. The Doofenshmirtzes escape on a hovercar and Peter the Pandaborg grabs onto the end.)
Vanessa-2: Mom, Dad, this is Tony Marzulo.
Tony: Hey, Mr. and Mrs. D.
Doofenshmirtz-2: Hey, didn't I banish you?
Charlene-2: Yeah, honey, you did, but nobody saw it.

(Cut to the backyard where a reunion for all the OWCA agents is being held.)
Candace-2: Academy graduates, Doofenshmirtz is still out there and no doubt he's planning a comeback. But so are we. We now have you, the animal agents of OWCA, who will, without a doubt, prevail. So as I step down from my position as head of the Resistance, (Monogram-2 and Carl-2 react to this in fear) I congratulate you all and wish you luck.
Major Monogram-2: Whoa, wait! You're stepping down?
Candace-2: It's okay, Major. You've got your animal agents back. I think you can handle it.
Major Monogram-2: But...
Candace-2: Don't worry. (She gives Monogram-2 her Bo staff.) If you ever get in a pinch, you know where to find me. Now if you'll excuse me, there's something I've been putting off that I need to take care of.
Major Monogram-2: Where is she going?
Isabella-2: Unless I miss my guess, I'd say she's making room in her life for other things.
(Cut to a wide shot of Candace-2 walking up to Jeremy-2, who is doing pull-ups.)
Jeremy-2: 15...16...17... (Candace-2 joins him) 18... Hey!
Candace-2: Hey, yourself.

Charlene-2: ♪ We told everyone around us ♪
♪ We had split. ♪
Doofenshmirtz-2: ♪ Yes, we were through! ♪
♪ So, if they came to haul me off, ♪
♪ They wouldn't get her, too. ♪
Charlene-2: ♪ There's that and then there's also tax ♪
♪ Advantages, of course. ♪
Doofenshmirtz-2 and Charlene-2: ♪ All the convoluted reasons ♪
♪ We pretend to be divorced. ♪

Doofelations Season 4:221 | Doof 101

(Scene opens up on Danville High School)
Becky: Hey, Vanessa! How was your summer?
Vanessa: Oh, the basic. Pretty cool when I was at my mom's and okay when I was at my dad's. Did you know in July, he actually removed all the blue from all the paintings at the museum? All the blue!
Lacie: Omigosh, I totally saw that! Picasso's whole Blue Period is just beige now.
Vanessa: Yep. That was my dad.
(Johnny comes in.)
Johnny: Sigh.
Vanessa: Hi, Johnny.
Lacie: It looks like he didn't take your breaking up very well.
Johnny: (offscreen) Sigh.
Vanessa: It wasn't like we were going out that long, Johnny!
Johnny: Just take the dissection tray and use its wax foundation to cradle my broken heart, Vanessa!
Male Student 1: Let it go, bro.
Vanessa: And to think I wanted to come back to school for a sense of normalcy.
Principal Lang: Good morning, people. As you know, there have been some staff changes. If you'll sit down, I will introduce you to your new science teacher...
Doofenshmirtz: Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz!
Lacie: What?
(Dramatic sting and quick zoom to Vanessa's scared face.)
(Song: Doof 101)
Danny Jacob: ♪ He was the king of evil science ♪
♪ Until things went a little awry ♪
Laura Dickinson: ♪ Now he's turning over a brand new leaf ♪
♪ And he's not so bad a guy ♪
Danny and Laura: ♪ Now he's got a second chance ♪
♪ And his new life's just begun ♪
♪ C'mon, it's gonna be fun ♪
♪ He's starting over at one ♪

♪ Doof 101! ♪
♪ (Doof, Doof, Doof 101) ♪
♪ (Doof, Doof, Doof...) ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Oh, we're gonna have a ball ♪
♪ All the things I'm gonna show you ♪
♪ And this all takes place in fall ♪
♪ So don't let the timeline throw you! ♪
♪ I'm starting over at one ♪
Doofenshmirtz, Danny Jacob and Laura Dickinson: ♪ Doof 101! ♪

Principal Lang: Dr. Doofenshmirtz is here on a trial basis.
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, no, we already had the trial. The judge gave me a choice of doing hard time or community service. So, here I am, ready to impart upon these young, sponge-like minds all my vast knowledge of evil sci—I-I mean science. That's right. Regular old science. No evil at all. In fact, I've crossed out the word "Evil" whenever it appears in my old textbooks. So, this should be a piece of cake. (to Vanessa) Hi, sweetie-kins! (Vanessa slams her head on her desk.) Thank you, Principal Lang. I can take it from here.
Principal Lang: Just so you know, Heinz, I've got my eye on you. I miss nothing.
(He backs into door and ends up in the janitor's closet. He gets back up and walks backwards out the correct door.)
Doofenshmirtz: And nice to see you, too! (to the class) Y'know, we knew each other long ago, but that's a story for another time. I'm Dr. Doofenshmirtz. (writing on the blackboard) D-O-O-F-E...
Vanessa: Dad, come here. (she grabs him out of the classroom)
Doofenshmirtz: Uh... (pops back into the frame) ...enshmirtz!

(Cut to outside the classroom.)
Vanessa: Dad, what are you doing here?
Doofenshmirtz: Isn't this great? More father-daughter time!
Vanessa: No, not at my school! Really?
Johnny: So you're Vanessa's dad? I'm Johnny.
Doofenshmirtz: Didn't she dump you?
Vanessa: We were hardly going out!
Johnny: (whining) Yes, we were!
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, girls don't like guys who are whiny. You're whiny. I get it. I get it.
Becky: Mr. Doofenshmirtz, if you're Vanessa's dad, is she gonna get, like, special treatment? I've taken extra booster classes in science to ensure my early acceptance—
Vanessa: No! No special treatment, because this is not happening!
(Lacie comes into the scene.)
Lacie: (beat) What's goin' on?
Doofenshmirtz: Everybody, back in class.

(Cut to the Principal's office.)
Mrs. Pierpoint: Principal Lang, are you brooding again?
Principal Lang: Why does everyone always think I'm brooding? It's my brow, isn't it?
Mrs. Pierpoint: Well...
Principal Lang: Yes, I'm brooding! It's that Heinz Doofenshmirtz! We went to community college together.
Mrs. Pierpoint: Oh.
Principal Lang: He wound up marrying Charlene, the girl that I was in love with!
Mrs. Pierpoint: Aren't they divorced now?
Principal Lang: That's not the point!
Mrs. Pierpoint: Oh, I'm sorry.
Principal Lang: How could she have preferred him to me?
Mrs. Pierpoint: Well, maybe it's time to give up your grudge.
Principal Lang: Give up a grudge? Never! What do you think this brow is for?

(Cut back to the classrom)
Doofenshmirtz: Let's start with genetics, the building blocks of life. Your genes determine what you will be. A...A turtle or a bird or... For instance... (plucks a hair off of Johnny)
Johnny: Ow! Hey!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, don't be a baby. You've got plenty. At least for the next ten years. Let's see genetics at work, shall we? (He puts the hair in a petrie dish, and puts the dish under a microscope.) Now, all of the information that makes this young man who and what he is stored in these DNA strands in every cell of his body. The-The genetic code is very delicate. See, now, if we move this base pair over to here, he would have been a gorilla, or you know, maybe a lizard. Y'see, there's this whole world of things going on, too small for us to even notice.
(Pan down to reveal a small purple insect standing next to a yellow insect.)
Yellow insect: So, what are we doing here again, Napoleon?
Napoleon: (the purple insect) Well, Wendell, we're going to make contact with these magnificent giants!
Wendell: We will?
Napoleon: Yes, we will.
Wendell: Wait. Why will we?
Napoleon: To be the first ones to communicate with an alien race. Just think, Wendell, you and I and Floyd are going to go where no bug has gone be— Okay, where's Floyd? Floyd!
(A sickly green fly saunters up to the other two.)
Floyd: Sorry, sir. Ran into a spider web. Lost my wings.
Napoleon: They're behind you, Floyd.
(Floyd looks behind him.)
Floyd: I found 'em, sir.
Napoleon: So as I was saying—
Floyd: They were behind me.
Napoleon: Yes, we've established that. Continuing, we are going to make contact with the giants! But first, we must scale the Cliffs of Mahogany! (referring to the desk) This may take a few tries, but—
Wendell: Sir, let me throw it! I'm the muscle!
Napoleon: You're the muscle?
Wendell: Yes! You're the brains, I'm the muscle, and Floyd is...
Napoleon: Floyd is the ballast?
Wendell: Yes! Floyd is the ballast!
Floyd: Ooh, that sounds important.
Napoleon: Anyway, Wendell, if you're feeling muscular, be my guest.
Wendell: Stand back! (He swings the grappling hook, which is actually a string with a bent paper clip on it. The clip latches onto a beaker. The beaker tips off the desk and traps the bugs.)
Napoleon: Hmm. Well, we have a limited air supply. Floyd, stop breathing.

(Cut to the desk. Three books hit a balance, which flips up a petrie dish containing two electric needles on a string. One pin latches onto a frog and the other onto one potato on a potato powered clock. The frog becomes alive and kicks the petrie dish off the microscope. Doof watches as the dish hits Johnny's face.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, that's unfortunate. (takes the dish off) Uh, hopefully, the DNA in the petrie dish won't combine with... (Johnny starts growing a lizard tail) Oh! Oh! No, see, it's... It's happening already.
Johnny: (looks behind him) Uh... (begins transforming and howls like a gorilla. His right arm becomes a gorilla arm.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, so everyone pay attention to this. This is what I was talking about. The DNA of a human is only a few base pairs from that of a monkey. (Johnny's left arm becomes a lizard's arm.) Or... or a reptile for that matter.
Johnny: (growls and runs away)
Doofenshmirtz: See? I told you. A whiner.

(Cut to Becky at the door.)
Becky: Guys, Johnny's running wild out there!
Doofenshmirtz: Aha!
Vanessa: Dad, what are you doing?
Doofenshmirtz: It's one of Johnny's hairs. It's loaded with his DNA. With this, I can mix up an antidote to...
(Dramatic sting. Cut to Agent P at the door.)
Gideon: (offscreen) He shapeshifted again!
Doofenshmirtz: No no. This isn't Johnny. It's, uh... (whispering) Perry the Platypus, I'm glad you're here. Could you go find Johnny and bring him back to the classroom? He's got greasy hair and he's wearing a trench coat. Mmm, and he's also part-gorilla, part-lizard. You can't miss him. (out loud) Class, Mr. Platypus is the...occasional assistant teacher.
Male Student 2: Is that a real platypus?
Doofenshmirtz: No! It's a.... it's a man. It's a deformed, tiny...turquoise man. Vanessa, take some of your friends here, uh, uh, Ponytails, Spikey Head, Tweedle-Tie and go get Johnny.
Vanessa: Hi, "Mr. Platypus".
(They leave.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, and the rest of you, Muscles, Ropey-Face, Slap-Happy, Buzzy-Pants, stay here and help me with the antidote.
Ropey-Face: Wait, why am I Ropey-Face?
Doofenshmirtz: Take my advice: Own it.

(Cut to Doof instructing Becky holding a dropper over a beaker carrying a liquid formula of some sort.)
Doofenshmirtz: Careful. Careful. Everything depends on getting the mixture precise. (Becky drops the liquid into the beaker. Doof stirs it with a straw and drinks it.) Mmm. Excellent. Now that's how you make a Shirley Temple. Hey, Muscles, how's the antidote coming?
Muscles: (wearing a hazmat suit and carrying a radioactive stick) Al...most... done. (drops it into the graduated cylinder and it explodes a bit. He pours it into the petri dish and Doof gets some of it with a needle.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, we're all set. Now, where's whiny reptile boy?
Vanessa: (offscreen) Somebody help me!
(Cut to Johnny carrying Vanessa up the clock tower.)
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) He has Vanessa! (to the rest of the class) Who's up for a field trip?

(Cut to outside Perry leads the class out.)
Johnny: Sanctuary!
Vanessa: Oh, you're such a drama queen. See, this... This is why we broke up!
(Cut to below. Perry takes off.)
Ropey-Face: Wait, where's he going?
(Doof makes his way through the crowd with the needle.)
Doofenshmirtz: Alright, now, how're we gonna... Nobody has a crossbow, do they?
Becky: I do! (beat) What? Why, is that weird?
(Doof takes the crossbow and Perry comes down in his hovercar.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, great! Thanks! (climbs in) Hey, you got new cup holders.
Ropey-Face: Whoa! Mr. Platypus has a cool ride!
Doofenshmirtz: Hang on, sweetie! (to Perry) Well, I guess it's just like the old saying, "You turn a guy into a gorilla-lizard, and he carries your daughter up a bell tower." It never really made sense to me before, but now I guess I... (Johnny pushes a bell off and it lands on Perry with a long DONG!)

(Whip pan to John P. Tristate Elementary. We hear the standard opening guitar riff.)
Sally: Hey, guys! How's it coming? Recess is almost over!
(Cut to reveal Phineas and Ferb modifying their playground.)
Phineas: Almost done!
(People scream offscreen.)
Phineas: (pointing) Ferb, look!
Vanessa: Johnny, put me down!
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, would you just stand still?! I can't get a clear shot!
Phineas: Aw man! I can't wait 'til we get to high school! It looks like so much fun!

(Cut back to Perry's hovercar. Doof gets the bell off of Perry's head.)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, hold still! I'll get it—
Vanessa: Dad, do something!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, yes, yes! Hold on a second! (He attempts to fire the crossbow, but he and the bell topple off of the hovercar.)
Vanessa: Dad!!
(The bell lands in the ground and Doof lands in the bell. The bell leans over and the crossbow fires. Vanessa catches the needle and sticks it in Johnny's lizard arm. He starts to transform back, but drops Vanessa. Perry comes to her rescue. Johnny fully goes back to normal but falls off the tower. Vanessa jumps out of the hovercar and saves Johnny, and the net that is still attached to Johnny latches onto the hovercar. The students cheer from below. Perry drops them off and the students catch Johnny and Vanessa.)
Johnny: Vanessa, you saved my life!
Vanessa: Oh, please don't read anything into this.
Johnny: There's still hope!!!
Vanessa: What did I just say?!
Doofenshmirtz: Alright, everyone, back to class. Nothing to see here. Just a giant bell.
(Principal Lang comes out and sees the bell on the ground.)
Principal Lang: What in the bell?

(Cut to the insects now on the desk.)
Napoleon: We've done it! We've reached the summit! Unfurl the banner, boys, and follow me! This is it! My entire existence has been leading to this moment, so that I can say... "Weclom Ginats!" (realizes what the banner says) Wait, what? "Weclom Ginats?!"
Wendell: What does that mean?
Napoleon: Exactly my point. What does our "Welcome Giants" banner actually say?
Wendell: Oh, yeah, sorry, we spelled it phonetically.
Napoleon: NO YOU DIDN'T!!!! Phonetically, it spells, "Weclom Ginats!" Come on, guys! This is our only chance to make a good first imp—
(Doof's Evil Science book squishes the bugs. Zoom out to the class.)
Doofenshmirtz: And that, class, is DNA in action.
Principal Lang: (bursting through the door) Aha!
(The school bell rings.)
Doofenshmirtz: That's it for today. Class dismissed.
(The students walk out chattering.)
Doofenshmirtz: Bye-bye, now.
Vanessa: (walking up to her father) Dad? (sighs) So, you're my teacher now.
Doofenshmirtz: I'm your teacher now.
Vanessa: But, we're not gonna do...all of..."this"...every day, right?
Doofenshmirtz: I'll try. But you know, (to the tune of the Theme song) ♪ there's 261 days 'til next summer vacation ♪, and, you know, a lot can happen. Just saying.
(Zoom in on the Evil Science book. Napoleon comes out from under it.)
Napoleon: Ugh. I do believe I've fractured my exoskeleton.
Wendell: And I bivouacked!

Doofelations Season 4:222 | Act Your Age

(At the OWCA Headquarters a red light and alert go off, and a teenage Irving, now an OWCA intern, turns around to notice it. Irving dusts off the picture underneath the red light to reveal a picture of Doofenshmirtz.)
Irving: (on the phone) Sir, it's the old Evil Scientist Alert System! It's showing -inator activity on a Doctor Dooferd–...
(Carl, now much older and wearing a uniform and mustache much like Major Monogram did, cuts him off.)
Commander Carl: Doofenshmirtz?! Great googly moogly! I thought he'd given up his evil ways when we placed him as a high school science teacher. Well, it's too bad Monogram isn't around to see this.
Irving: Well, sir, he's gone to a better place.
Commander Carl: Yeah... (beat) Oh, what the heck? I'm gonna call him! (Carl dials the phone. Monogram, now retired and older, with a beard and a Hawaiian shirt is lounging on a beach.)
Monogram: Monogram.
Commander Carl: How've ya been, sir?
Monogram: Carl! I'm great! Bora Bora really is a better place. How've ya been, man?
Commander Carl: I've been well. Guess who's set off the -inator alert?
Monogram: Doofenshmirtz?
Commander Carl: Yeah.
Monogram: Heh heh. Just like old times. Go tell him "hi" for me.
Commander Carl: Of course.
(Perry is busy enjoying his own retirement, when his watch goes off.)
Commander Carl: Agent P... (Agent P picks up his bowling bag.) No, it's not bowling night! It's Doofenshmirtz. He's activated the -inator alert system. We think he may have returned to evil.
(Perry gets a worried reaction, then puts on his fedora and jet pack. He blasts off of the tree in Phineas and Ferb's backyard that had been serving as his retirement location)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Mmm-Mmm Incorporated! ♪
(A now grey-haired Doofenshmirtz is working on a contraption.)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? Eh, is it Thursday already? Hmm, well, let me go get my shoes and my ball and then... Wait, where's your stuff? (Perry points to the -inator behind Doofenshmirtz.) Huh? Oh, no that's not evil, so, so I don't think it counts. Oh, wait a minute. Did I set off the -inator alert? Oh, that is so funny. Probably scared the heck out of Commander Carl, huh? Oh, well I-I know it can look intimidating, but there's no reason to be afraid. It isn't evil. It isn't even the -inator. The -inator is this gold chain. Once it's charged, I'm going to put it around my neck, and it will activate the insecurity parts of my brain and trigger a full-blown mid-life crisis. Allow me to explain in song.

(Song: "Mid-Life Crisis")
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ All my friends have spray-on tans, ♪
♪ And they're gettin' back together with their old rock bands. ♪
♪ Yes, their bland old lives are now filled with spices. ♪
♪ They're havin' a mid-life crisis. ♪

Doofenshmirtz: So just let me get this thing charged up and we'll be on our way. (Doof puts on some shades and covers Perry's eyes and pushes the button and gets the chain.) Ready? (He puts the chain around his neck and gets electrocuted. Perry walks offscreen to get a defibrillator, but Doof comes to when Perry arrives.) Wow, I feel pretty energized! I wanna do something exciting and fun and...and also incredibly stupid! Come on, Perry the Platypus, let's go have an adventure.
(As Doof walks off, Perry looks at the camera with a concerned look.)

(A black-haired Doof is having fun on a jet ski, following by Perry on a small motorboat.)
Doofenshmirtz: Woo hoo hoo hoo! How's the dye job holding up, Perry the Platypus?! Isn't this great?! If I had known it was this much fun— (Doofenshmirtz smashes into sailboat.) Hey, this is one of those fancy sailing yachts!
(Song: The Ballad of Badbeard (instrumental))
Doofenshmirtz: We could sail around the world in this thing! We could, we could visit exotic ports, fight pirates! We'd be like a couple of seafaring Huck Finns and the ocean would be our ho–! (The boat sinks, and Doof's black hair dye creates a smudge in the water. He swims back up.) Or maybe we could wrestle some alligators! No, wait, even better, sports car! (He swims to shore, with Perry following.)

(At Sterling Auto Sales, Doofenshmirtz is trying out some sports cars.)
Doofenshmirtz: Sure you don't have anything else that's more ridiculous or irresponsible?
Salesman: Nope. This is as dumb as they come.
Doofenshmirtz: All right! (he speeds off) Woohoo! Yeehaw! (Perry gets a worried look, as the car crashes and Doof returns with only the steering wheel.) So, what else ya got?
Salesman: We've got another one just like it, but in yellow.
Doofenshmirtz: (He gasps) Ya hear that?! It'll be like driving a really fast Ducky Momo!

(Doofenshmirtz is riding his yellow sportscar downtown.)
Doofenshmirtz: I think the turbo kicks in when it revs abo— (Perry gets another worried look on his face) Whoa! (The car speeds through an intersection and crashes into a dumpster.) Oh, oh! Oh, it's okay, we're fine! But we do seem to have picked up a passenger! I'll shake it loose up here at the turn. (Doofenshmirtz and Perry turn, while the dumpster continues on.)

(In an airplane, where Doof and Perry are about to skydive.)
Doofenshmirtz: You know what would be really impulsive? If you and me went out and did a little evil, just the two of us. (Perry slaps him in the face.) Yeah. Yeah, you're right. Maybe I should just go hit on the cute jump instructor instead. (to the jump instructor) Hi there. Y-Y'know, one of the best things about being a successful scientist is that I get to meet lots of attractive women, such as yourself.
Jump Instructor: You want to know the best part about being a jump instructor?
Doofenshmirtz: What?
(The jump instructor pushes him out of the plane. Perry tips his hat to her and follows him.)
Doofenshmirtz: Aaaaaaaahhh!!! Hey, Perry the Platypus! (Perry opens Doof's parachute for him and then opens his own parachute.) Okay, Perry the Platypus, that is it! (he takes off his gold chain) This mid-life crisis isn't nearly as much fun as I thought it was going to be. From now on, I'm sticking with my predictable boring old life (Doofenshmirtz drops the chain) with my predictable boring old friends. Uh, uh, that reminds me, did you reserve the lanes for Thursday night? (Perry nods)

Doofelations Season 4:223 | Last Day of Summer

(Cut to the side of the house. Perry walks around the corner, looks back, then gets up on his hind legs. He then puts on his fedora, takes out a remote, pushes the button, and steps into a secret door in the side of the house. An elevator takes him down to his lair, where, on the screen, Major Monogram waits for him. Perry drops into his seat.)
♪ Doo bee doo bee doo bah ♪
♪ Doo bee doo bee doo bah ♪
Major Monogram: Oh, good, Agent P, you're here! You're probably wondering about all these pulley things here. (eyes directing to tassel-like pulleys on his left and right) It's just that, with Carl heading to school soon, I'm (pauses) gonna have to learn to run this place all by myself. (grips the pulleys) Anyway, (pulls his left one to make a crudely drawn picture of fall leaves roll down in front of him on the screen) with the seasons about to change, I suspect Doofenshmirtz (a crudely drawn picture of Doofenshmirtz rolls down) will be trying to close out the summer (a crudely drawn picture of a "bang" rolls down) with a bang. (all the pictures, with his right pulley, fall to the floor) Great googly moogly! Carl! (his left pulley, still being gripped by Monogram, comes detached and dangles from his left hand.) Oh, that's right: (sadly realizing Carl isn't there) school. (Agent P takes off in his rocket chair.) Keep it together, Francis.

(The scene opens to a view of Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪

(Doofenshmirtz's alarm goes of and he sits up. In the process, he hits his head on a light hanging over his bed and falls back onto his pillow. At the same time, the alarm stops)
Doofenshmirtz: Ow! Okay, I've had enough of you! (to the light)
(He then shoots it with an handheld device that surrounds it with green energy and makes it vanish.)
Norm: (walking towards Doofenshmirtz's bed with a slice of chocolate cake) Wakey wakey, chocolate cakey! (takes a fork of it and points it at Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: (annoyed) How many times do I have to tell you that chocolate cake isn't for break— (Norm stuffs the bite in his mouth, Doofenshmirtz chews and swallows) I stand corrected. All right, up an' at 'em.
Norm: Sir, since when do you sleep in your lab coat?
(Doofenshmirtz looks at himself then looks at Norm angrily)
Doofenshmirtz: Since none o' your business!
(He runs out of his bedroom and Vanessa approaches him.)
Vanessa: Hey, (Doofenshmirtz stops and turns around) Dad, you have a minute?
Doofenshmirtz: Can it wait, sweetie? I've got a lot of stuff on my evil to-do list to do today. To do today. To-do to-day,
Vanessa: Dad.
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ to-do to-day, to-do to-day. ♪
Vanessa: Dad!
Doofenshmirtz: It's like a little song! (starts doing a little dance) ♪ To-do, ♪
Vanessa: (angrily) Dad!!
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ to-do, to-do to-day, to-do, ♪
Vanessa: (rolling her eyes) Ugh! (walks away)
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ to-do todaaay! ♪ All the ladies in the house say— (points where Vanessa was) Wait! Where'd she go?

(Cut to a view of Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated, where Perry arrives in his rocket chair, but is then trapped in midair inside the bass drum from Norm's drum set)
Doofenshmirtz: (approaching the drum set while looking at Perry) Ah, Perry the Platypus: snared in my trap. (Norm plays a rim shot on the drum set) Ha! Drum pun! (starts walking away from the drum set onto the balcony) I realized that all this time I was planning to become ruler of the Tri-State Area, never took into account the fact there is no actual position. I should have spent my time creating one. And, if I create it, no one will know about it. (hops up to sit on the rim of the balcony) I will run unoppo (falls off the balcony) whoooa! (catches himself with his hands and lifts his face back over the side) That was close. Then I'll easily win, and (lifts up his left hand into a fist) take over the Tri-State Area. With that in mind, (lets go with both hands) be- (holds them up in the air and starts falling) hooooooooo... (Perry is shocked, teeth clenched, eyes wide open. Then the elevator dings and Doofenshmirtz comes back in and approaches his Inator with his arms up again.) Behold: The Tri-Governor-inator! (a drum roll sounds, Perry rolls over Doofenshmirtz with the bass drum, and a cymbal crash sounds) Wow, an actual drum roll. (Perry hits the banister, one drum head and hoop falls off, and Perry leaps out.) Ay-ah! (the doorbell sounds as Perry leaps on Doofenshmirtz and starts fighting him)
Vanessa: (walking past them) Please, so over it. (she opens the door to let Candace in, smiling)
Candace: (waving while holding DVDs) Hey, Vanessa! Just came by here to return (realizing it's Candace, Perry lets Doofenshmirtz out of a headlock and hides) your DVDs. Sorry I had them so long, can't say I understand French cinema. I mean, why does that mime keep letting go of balloons?
Vanessa: I think it's (Perry finds a hiding spot) symbolic.
Candace: (handing Vanessa the DVDs) Well, anyway, how's it goin'?
Vanessa: (starts feeling uninterested and stops smiling) I've been better.
Candace: (still smiling and gesturing) Me too! You wouldn't believe (stops smiling, but still has her eyes wide open) the day I'm having so far! I mean really. Like I could go on. Like I could tell you all about it. I mean there's a lot that happened and there's—
Vanessa: Yooou wanna (starts smiling again) come in?
Candace: (starts smiling again and comes in while Vanessa closes the door behind her) Oh wow, ya, that'd be great!
Vanessa: I could use some downloading too. I'll go make us some tea. (starts walking away) B-R-B.
Candace: Awesome! (starts walking towards Doofenshmirtz, who is now standing and is brushing himself off) Oh, hi, Vanessa's dad! How's it goin'?
Doofenshmirtz: (turning around to talk to her) Have you seen my nemesis? He was just here a second ago. He's about (holds his hand at an approximate height of Perry) yay high and—ha. You know what? No matter. When the guy who's punching you suddenly loses interest mid-punch, it's time to take serious stock of your life. (turns around) H-ugh.
Candace: I can totally relate! (Doofenshmirtz starts walking away) Like from the beginning of today it was pretty bad. Like I'm all off.
Doofenshmirtz: (trying to find Perry) Uh-huh.
Candace: And you know every day this summer I've been trying to bust my brothers, and it's just not happening.
Doofenshmirtz: Uh-huh.
Candace: Do you know how frustrating it is to have a single unrealized focus in your life?
Doofenshmirtz: Well that's just crazy. Gotta be some kind of teenage thing. (starts walking back over to her after giving up on finding Perry)
Candace: Same old, same ol' yadda yadda ya bledolbledolbledolbledolbledolbledol. That's been my day so far. (starts lowering herself onto an Inator)
Doofenshmirtz: (runs to her and frantically waving Candace off the machine) Don't sit on that, a-and stop fussing with all of my Inators!
Candace: Inators? Why? What does this (points at the machine she almost sat on) one do?
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, that is my Do-Over-Inator.
Candace: What's a Do-Over-Inator?
Doofenshmirtz: Really? It says "do over" right in the name. I-it does the day over again, but I haven't worked out all the kinks yet. Matter of fact, I gotta work out the kinks in a lot o' these.
Candace: (looking at the machine) A Do-Over-inator? (presses the purple button second farthest to the left, causing the Inator to make loud mechanical noises and surround her and Doofenshmirtz with a large, glowing blue-purple bubble, then emit a blue flash)

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz in his bed, where his alarm goes of and he sits up. In the process, he hits his head on a light hanging over his bed and falls back onto his pillow. At the same time, the alarm stops)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah! Taah... Didn't I disintegrate you? (to the light)
(He then shoots it with an handheld device that surrounds it with green energy and makes it vanish.)
Norm: (walking towards Doofenshmirtz's bed with a slice of chocolate cake) Wakey wakey, chocolate cakey! (takes a fork of it and points it at Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: (annoyed) Really? Didn't I tell you cake isn't for breakfast (knocks the cake out of Norm's hands and up and over the bed) yesterday? (realizes something) Hmm. (gets out of bed and runs out of his bedroom and Vanessa approaches him)
Vanessa: Hey Dad? (Doofenshmirtz turns around to see her)
Doofenshmirtz: (thinking) Hmm, repeating.
Vanessa: You have a minute?
Doofenshmirtz: M-hmm.
Vanessa: We really
Doofenshmirtz: M-hmm.
Vanessa: need to
Doofenshmirtz: M-hmm. (Vanessa growls and starts frowning) Yeah!
Vanessa: Dad!
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah! Everything is repeating! Th-that bang on my head, that-that thing with Norm and the stupid cake, a-and you! (starts walking to his Do-Over-Inator) I-it works! My Do-Over-Inator must work! Ah-your little friend must have (Vanessa catches up to him) activated it yesterday! A-and by "yesterday" I mean "today". Later today, your-uh little friend will activa– and the days will probably keep repeating until I shut it off!
Vanessa: (angrily) This is what I'm talking about. You're not even listening! (starts walking towards the door, without Doofenshmirtz noticing) I'm moving out, Dad. I'm going to live at Mom's... (walks out the door) full-time. (slams the door)
Norm: (walking up to the door, still smiling) Door slams mean sadness.
Doofenshmirtz: (running over to Norm) Wait! What did she say?
(Norm presses his top button)
Norm's speaker: (Vanessa's voice) I'm going to live at Mom's... full-time. (door slamming noise)
Doofenshmirtz: Aaah! I can't believe it! (inhales sharply) You surreptitiously record us? And even more importantly, I'm losing my little girl!

(Open to a view of Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated, then back to Doofenshmirtz and Norm)
Doofenshmirtz: Why would Vanessa want to move out?
Norm: Let's see if we can solve that little mystery! (presses his top button)
Norm's speaker: (Doofenshmirtz's voice) Hey, Vanessa, hand me that cadaver.
Norm: or (presses his button again)
Norm's speaker: (Doofenshmirtz's voice) Honeybun, if you go into the living room and see a pile of skin flakes, just ignore it.
Doofenshmirtz: Okay.
Norm: or (presses his button again)
Norm's speaker: (Doofenshmirtz's voice) I know you said the time machine in the bathroom was a bad idea, but if you need to go, you should do it last week.
Doofenshmirtz: Okay! Okay! I get it. I get it. My daughter's moving out because she thinks I'm a loser.
Norm: I like pancakes!
Doofenshmirtz: Buuuut, ya know who isn't a loser? The Tri-Governor! I just need to win that office and Vanessa will want to (starts walking towards his Do-Over-Inator) stay with me! And this (pets the Inator) little baby's gonna help me get it right.
(Norm starts playing the guitar)

(Song: "When Tomorrow is This Morning Again")
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ They say you only go around once, ♪
♪ They say that opportunity, it never knocks twice! ♪
♪ But if there's one thing I can say about the people who say that: ♪
♪ They don't have this cool devi- ♪
Chorus Part 1: ♪ They don't have this cool devi- ♪
Chorus Part 2: ♪ They don't have this cool devi- ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ iiice! ♪
Chorus: ♪ iiice! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I can get it right, ♪
♪ Because today I have multiple chances. ♪
Candace: ♪ With just a little foresight, ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ My means will justify my ends. ♪
Candace: ♪ My worries will be over soon! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I'll rework my fate, improve my circumstances! ♪
Candace: ♪ If I get it wrong ♪
Doofenshmirtz and Candace: ♪ This afternoon, ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I'll get it right today when tomorrow is this ♪
Doofenshmirtz and Candace: ♪ Morning again! ♪
♪ If I get it wrong this afternoon, ♪
♪ I'll get it right today when tomorrow is this morning again! ♪
♪ If I get it wrong this afternoon, ♪
♪ I'll get it right today when tomorrow is this morning agaaaaaaaaaain! ♪

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz standing next to Norm with his drum set.)
Doofenshmirtz: (looking at his watch) Perry the Platypus should be coming in about three, two, one. (Perry comes in on his rocket chair and lands in the bass drum, then the bass drum is put in the drum set) Ha-ha! And, (Perry rolls towards Doofenshmirtz  in the drum and he hops out of the way) drum roll! (Perry rolls past him) Missed me! (Perry hits the staircase, flips over, then pops out of one of the drum's head and hoops.) And, skull! (a giant skull falls over Perry and traps him, then Doofenshmirtz walks over to him) It worked! It worked, and finally I get some use out of these old Halloween decorations. I'm the master of ti- (Perry opens the skull's mouth and clamps it down on Doofenshmirtz's body) ow! Oh, this really bites. (Perry breaks out of the top of the skull) Oh no, wait! Not my Inator! (Perry pushes the "X DESTRUCT" button on the Tri-Governor-inator and it blows up) That's okay, Perry the Platypus. I'll be the master of time tomorrow.

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz in his bed with his alarm going off.)
Doofenshmirtz: (sitting up, stopping before he hits the lamp) Ah! (moves around the lamp and points at it) Ah! Ha-a! (gets out of bed) Ha-ha!
Norm: (standing at the foot of the bed) Wakey, wakey—
Doofenshmirtz: (passing him and leaving the bedroom) Stuff it, Norm!
(Norm stuffs the cake in his face, and it comes out of his ears in a manner similar to what would happen if you stuffed clay in a modern Mr. Potato Head, minus body parts actually falling off.)
Vanessa: (approaching Doofenshmirtz outside his room) Dad, (Doofenshmirtz turns around) do you have a minute? It's really—
Doofenshmirtz: (holding a clipboard with drawings of Perry the Platypus and traps and with an "I can handle anything" look on his face) Hush (holds his hand up and puts both hands on her shoulders) I know.
Vanessa: Dad, I—
Doofenshmirtz: (holding a finger over Vanessa's mouth) Sh, sh, sh. (lowers finger and smiles) I know exactly what you're going to say and I'm on it, but right now, I need to (looks at the clip board and points at it with a pencil) study Perry the Platypus's every move.
Vanessa: (angrily) Dad, this is the problem! (Doofenshmirtz writes on the clipboard) Because of your stupid work—
Doofenshmirtz: Hold that thought, sweetie. I've really gotta go and improve Perry the Platypus's trap. (starts walking away) B-R-B! (stretches back) That's uh, that's "be right back". It's hip today to talk in acronyms. (walks away again)

(Cut to a slightly later time. The giant skull lands on Perry, he breaks out, and a wood beam with a bowl on it swings around, catches Perry, and throws him into a metal cage.)
Doofenshmirtz: (rolling up to Perry while in a hamster ball) Ah-hu, hah! I can see by the confused and somewhat annoyed look on your face that your little mammal brain is working overtime trying to figure out how I anticipated your every move, not to mention the purpose of this... hamster ball. Well, it's simple! You see, this protects me from when you eventually escape from that! (notices Perry has escaped) Like, like that, but you can't punch, kick, or otherwise bruise me, because I'm safe inside of (Perry punches the ball and Doofenshmirtz starts rolling around the room) thii-oooo
Norm: (with a pan of muffins)It's muffin time, sir!
Doofenshmirtz: (rolling past him) Later! (A blue portal opens and the muffins get sucked into it) Oh, whooa... (bounces off the balcony) Maybe I'll get lucky and time will loop before (crashing noise) Oh! No sudden—
(Time loops, and then we cut to Candace in her bed. Her alarm goes off going back and forth between saying, "BUSTIN' TIME!" and "6:00".)
Candace's alarm: (Phineas' voice, while beeping) I know what we're gonna do toda—
(Candace turns off the alarm.)
Candace: (smirking) Alarm,
Phineas: (offscreen) I know what we're gonna do today!
Candace: kids in the backyard, (quickly sitting up) I'm back, baby! (slides down the banister) Yihoo! (lands on the floor and runs past the kitchen table) Tigers at the zoo! Roar-r-roar-roar-roar! Mom, gotta go: errands. (pulls Linda out of her chair) Mwa-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! (while pulling her out of the house)
Lawrence: (looking back at his newspaper) Well, she's having a good day.
(Another blue portal appears and sucks up Lawrence's spoon out of his cereal. Lawrence proceeds to lap at his cereal like a dog. We then cut to Candace walking outside right after the blueprints roll down)
Buford: There it is.
Candace: This is great. This time I'm gonna bust you outta this world!
Phineas: Hmm. Candace has just given me a great idea on how to make this thing even better!

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated, where Perry is thrown into a dinosaur-like, maraca holding robot, then breaks out through the belly, and it falls apart. He then throws the maraca from its left hand at Doofenshmirtz, and it hits him in the face.)

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated, where Perry narrowly ducks under being caught in a bear trap. It falls over, and Perry throws it over Doofenshmirtz's neck.)

(Cut to Perry being thrown into a cage hanging on a chain. It swings back and hits Doofenshmirtz in the face, making him fall over.)

(Cut to Perry landing with his legs being caught in springs. Doofenshmirtz points and laughs right before Perry jumps on his face with the springs attached to a floor tile.)

(Cut to Perry being thrown into a trap with the trap's arm. Doofenshmirtz leans on it, but Perry escapes by pushing the arm off, and uses it to whack Doofenshmirtz in the back of the head.)

(Time loops, and we cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated, where Doofenshmirtz has set up an extremely large scheme of traps for Perry the Platypus, and Norm is holding a box of to the side.)
(End of "Quirky Worky Song")
Doofenshmirtz: (pouring oil on the floor) Okay, twenty-third time's the charm.
I totally got it all covered now. (walks over to Norm) Hand me that box of angry weasels, would ya, Norm? (Norm hands it to him and Doofenshmirtz opens it, then the weasels attack him) Ow! Ow! Ow! O-ow! (closes the weasels back in their box, and reveals his face, covered with injuries) Yes, they'll do. It's the latest Perry the Platypus trap.
Norm: De-lightful!
Doofenshmirtz: (here Perry's bass drum roll) And here he is. Norm, hand out the victory muffins.
Norm: What is a muffin?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, come on. You know. Like:

Drury Lane. Why would anyone buy a house on Drury Lane? It just sounds so, it sounds dreary, even though it's not actually "Dreary", it's "Drury".
Norm: Though entertaining, your muffin song did not stir my memory banks, sir.
Doofenshmirtz: Hmm, that's peculiar. I suppose it could be some type of anomaly caused by messing with the space time continuum. Might even be dangerous. Oh well, I'll have to... ignore that in my payroll, because (shows Perry still fighting through the series of traps) now that I've gotten a full thirty steps ahead of Perry the Platypus, I'm free to take over the Tri-State Ar— Vanessa, where are you going? (walks over to Vanessa) Don't you wanna talk?
Vanessa: Actually, I really do, but you seem busy.
Doofenshmirtz: (putting an arm around her) Oh, Honey, that's (smiles and points at her) very perceptive of you! (a slapping noise is heard and Doofenshmirtz turns his head) Yes! (turns back toward Vanessa) So, let's just put a pin in this. I'm kind of racing against the clock here. I know it seems like I'm putting you second, but it's only so I can put you first eventually!
Vanessa: Whatever, Dad. (walks away)
Doofenshmirtz: Vaness— ugh. Well, you'll see. This is going to be my moment to take over the Tri-State Area and then that will prove to you I'm not as big a loser as you think I am. (walks towards his Tri-Governor-inator on the balcony) Okay, no pressure. Tri-State governor's mansion, here I come! (pulls a lever on the Inator that activates it and makes it shoot out a purple beam that creates a mansion on top of City Hall) Sa-weet! Now I've just gotta get someone to vote for me— anyone, actually, 'cause I'm running unopposed. (comes out of his building in cardboard that says "VOTE FOR DOOF", and a voting booth that says "DOOF", "VOTE HERE", "VOTE EARLY", and "VOTE OFTEN") Voting today!
Man: I didn't know there were elections today.
Doofenshmirtz: (pushing him in the booth) Oh, get in the booth and do your civic duty.

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz opening a door in his apartment)
Doofenshmirtz: Vanessa? Vanessa! (runs to her) I need to talk to you about your, you know, wanting to move out.
Vanessa: Wait, you know about that? How—
Doofenshmirtz: (grasping her by the shoulders) Honeey, just watch! (turns on the television to DANVILLE 7, where Roger is speaking live from in front of City Hall)
Roger: (on the screen) Apparently, for the first time in Tri-State history, a Tri-Governor has been elected, and the voters have chosen, (looks down at his paper in shock) my brother, Heinz Doofenshmirtz?!
Doofenshmirtz: Yes! See, Vanessa? I'm not a loser anymore. Now you'll want to live with me at the Tri-Governor's mansion, right? Right?
Vanessa: Dad! It's not that—
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, wait, wait, ho-hold that thought, sweetie-peeps. A-as long as my Do-Over-Inator is on, this day could start all over again. I could lose it all. So, so, you know. (holds her hands) Go 'head and start packing your stuff. I'm just gonna run over and turn off my Inator. We're, we're movin' on up, Kiddo! (runs over to his Inator just as it is getting sucked into another blue portal as he grabs at it) Hey! Well, uh, I didn't see that coming, but it's gone, so I guess that's the end of the looping! And now, (flips to Doofenshmirtz on the balcony of the Tri-Governor's mansion with his left arm around an unimpressed and slightly annoyed Vanessa) everything's gonna be hunky-dory, 'cause I'm in charge, baby!

(Cut to the Tri-Governor Mansion.)
Doofenshmirtz: Check out your First Daughter suite! Not too keen to move out now, are ya?
Vanessa: Yeah. Very, very nice, Dad. But, listen, I have something I—
Melanie: Pardon me, sir, I hate to interrupt, but your schedule is jam packed today. (She takes Doof's hand and leads him out.)
Doofenshmirtz: Sorry, sweetie, but apparently, there's a lot of stuff I have to attend to. Look on the bright side, you can brag about your dad to your friends until I get back.

(Cut to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Tri-Governor's Mansion! ♪
(Cut to Doof's oval office.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, Doofy-boy, time to govern-innate! (Perry enters the room on his jetpack.) Right on time, Perry the Platypus! (reading a piece of paper) This concerns you. I have just made it illegal to thwart the Tri-Governor of the Tri-State Area, which, ipso facto, is me. (Gives Perry the paper.) Go ahead, read it. It's all perfectly legal. Looks like your thwarting days are over, Perry the Platypus. (sighs) Y'know, I-I-I really miss our good old thwarting days already. I-In fact, your presence here is making me far too sad and nostalgic. So maybe you better go. (Perry leaves dragging his jetpack across the rug.) Just leave the way you came in. I'll bill ya for the carpet.
Perry: (chatters sadly)
Doofenshmirtz: No, no, don't give me the puppy dog eyes. You're gonna make me cry. Sheesh. (Perry jumps out the window.)
Melanie: (on speaker) Pardon me, Mr. Tri-Governor, the Mayor's on the line.
Doofenshmirtz: Put 'im through. Helloooooooooo, Roger!
Roger: (on speaker) Heinz, did you steal my secretary?
Doofenshmirtz: Yes. Yes I did.
Roger: (on speaker) What makes you think you can do a thing like that?!
Doofenshmirtz: Well, it's easy! (opens the floor revealing Roger at his desk looking up) Because I'm the boss of you! Nyah! (Closes the floor.) Ahh, this has already been a very productive day. (Melanie walks in with a huge stack of papers.) H-Hey, what's all this?
Melanie: More legislation that requires your signature, sir. (she leaves)
Doofenshmirtz: But I hate homework! I'd rather just play with this snowglobe. (Another anomaly appears and sucks the snowglobe out of his hand.) Oooh, oh! Oh, man, this is serious! I thought for sure my machine would've turned itself off when it disappeared, but it's still creating rifts in the space-time continuum! (pushes intercom) Melanie, bring me another snowglobe.
Melanie: (on speaker) Um, what's a snowglobe?
Doofenshmirtz: (gasps dramatically)

(Cut to the First Daughter's suite.)
Doofenshmirtz: Sweetie pie, I'm back! Sorry it took me so long. Who would've thought being Tri-Governor would be so involved?
Vanessa: Dad, I got an internship at OWCA, so I have to move out.
Doofenshmirtz: What?! But that's the opposite of what I— They're the good guys! I thought for sure now that when I was Tri-State Governor that we'd be okay!
Vanessa: Dad, you're totally missing the point. You spend all of your time working on your ridiculous inators and I can't—
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, first of all, they're not ridiculous. Convoluted and ultimately pointless, maybe.
Vanessa: Oh, come on, Dad, you build them just to exact petty revenge trying to prove you're evil.
Doofenshmirtz: What? I'm evil. I-I am evil!
Vanessa: No, Dad. You're basically a nice guy who's pretending to be evil. And, you know, it seems like it's all out of obligation to your backstories, not something that truly comes from your heart.
Doofenshmirtz: Wow. So, it, it's... It's really not about all the success-loser thing?
Vanessa: Dad, look, this OWCA internship is something I really wanna do. And I don't think this lifestyle choice is making you happy either. Is it?
(Beat.)
Doofenshmirtz: Wow again.
Vanessa: Look, all I'm saying is try something different.
Doofenshmirtz: Like a...Like a new inator?
Vanessa: No, like try to be a good guy.
Doofenshmirtz: A good guy? Me? I can be... Well, I guess I could. I-I could be a do-gooder, doing good, just for the sake of... doing good, or, er, what exactly do good guys do?
Vanessa: Well, they—
Doofenshmirtz: Eh, it doesn't matter. Anyway, I get it. I understand now.  There's just one thing I gotta do before the whole thing starts over ag—

(Cut to Doof back in his bed.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, man! I looped too soon, and I didn't have time to be good! (He disintegrates his lamp again.)
Norm: Wakey wakey!
Doofenshmirtz: Norm, stuff your cake!
Norm: Stuffing it, sir! (He puts the cake on his face.)
Vanessa: Hey, Dad, do you have a minute?
Doofenshmirtz: Vanessa! Yes, yes, I know, you, you'd like to move in with your mother and you want to intern at OWCA and my being evil creates a conflict.
Vanessa: Um, yeah. How did you know—
Doofenshmirtz: Let's just leave it at I know and I vow to be good from now on so your worries are over.
Vanessa: Wow, you're kind of freaking me out.
Doofenshmirtz: Yes, yes, I'd be obnoxious if I wasn't so charming. Anyway, I have one more inator to complete and I've got to do it fast, so I could really use your help.
Vanessa: What's the inator?
Doofenshmirtz: The Time-Straighten-Out-inator! It straightens out time and keeps it from looping.
Vanessa: I think I'm looping.
Doofenshmirtz: Exactly!

(Cut back to Doof's lab.)
Vanessa: So what you're saying is the days are repeating and you're the only one that notices.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, maybe that little friend of yours, too, 'cause she was inside the bubble.
Vanessa: What?
Doofenshmirtz: Not important. Check it out. Perry the Platypus should be coming in three, two, one.
♪ Perry! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus! (Perry unbuckles himself) That's right, take it in, Perry the Platypus. No traps. And, no, telling you that there are no traps is not part of a trap. Though that would have been genius. Oh, I missed that one. I'm actually not doing any evil today! Seriously. I promise. (Perry looks at him with his arms crossed.) So, whadaya say, how 'bout lending an old nemesis a hand, huh, Perry the Platypus? (Perry just looks at Doof and holds out his arms.) Your eyes say, "No!" but your hands say, "Yes!"

(Open on Doof's lab where Vanessa and Perry are building the inator.)
Doofenshmirtz: Who'd have though we'd be such a good team? My daughter, my nemesis, and my hot beverage. (Takes a sip.) Hmm. Counter-clockwise on that jib bolt, Perry the Platypus. Okay, stop. Perfect, it's done. The days won't loop anymore and I'll have my daughter back! My life will be on a new path and the world will be saved thanks to brand new good guy, Heinz Doofen—

(Clock transition.)
(Cut to Doof back in his bed.)
Doofenshmirtz: Aw, shmirtz! I was so close! (He tears the lamp from the ceiling.)
Norm: Wakey wakey!
Doofenshmirtz: (throws the lamp at Norm and it lands on Norm's head) Eat it yourself, Norm, I gotta get Vanessa, we gotta do everything faster!

(Cut to Doof's lab.)
Doofenshmirtz: Vanessa!
Vanessa: Dad, I have to talk to you—
Doofenshmirtz: Help me build my inator! Hurry! Quick!
Vanessa: What're we doing?
Doofenshmirtz: Building a Time-Straighten-Out-inator.
Vanessa: (sighs) Dad, we really need to talk!
(Agent P arrives.)
Doofenshmirtz: There you are! Perry the Platypus, grab a screwdriver and help us!
♪ Perry! ♪

(Scene opens on Doof's lab.)
Doofenshmirtz: How're ya doin' back there, Perry the Platypus?
(Perry emerges from under the inator and gives a thumbs up.)
Doofenshmirtz: Takes care of that. Let's plug this baby in and get her goin'!
Vanessa: Are you sure it'll work?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, yeah, absolutely. There's a guaranteed 55% chance of success, so we're...we're good to go.
Vanessa: Wait, so there's still a 45% chance that it won't do anything?
Doofenshmirtz: Of course not, it's not gonna do nothing. There's also a 45% chance it'll destroy everything in existence.
Vanessa: What?! Dad, you have to tell us things like this!

(Cut to Doof once again finishing his inator.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh. We're starting here now. Hey, it has been brought to my attention that I should tell you guys there's a 55% chance this will work, but a 45% chance that it'll destroy reality as we know it.
Vanessa: What?!
Doofenshmirtz: Absolute worst-case scenario.
Vanessa: Okay, what happens if we don't push it?
Doofenshmirtz: If we do nothing, there's a hundred percent chance that the time pocket will dissolve and it'll destroy every— Y'know, there's a whole illustration I can do with a paper towel and a hook, but I don't have time.
Vanessa: Okay, we have to take a moment and think about the—
(Clock transition.)

(Cut to Doof once again finishing his inator.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, here's the odds. Save the day: 55%. Destroy the universe as we know it: 45%. But do nothing at all: a hundred percent chance of the end of time. So whadaya say?
Vanessa: Whoa.
Doofenshmirtz: Good answer! How 'bout you, Perry the Platypus? Come on, if you got something to say, now's the time.
(Perry starts to open his mouth to chatter, but the clock transition appears again.)

(Cut to Doof once again finishing his inator.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, I gotta tell ya, there's a lot of risk involved, but we've discussed it over, like, three loops already, and I think this is our only option. Are you with me?
Vanessa: Yeah, I am.
(Doof smiles and looks at Perry.)
Perry: (thumbs up and chatters approvingly)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, I should have just about enough time to press this button if I'm not too overly dramatic about it.

(Cut back to Doof's lab.)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, we're not destroyed, so that's a good sign.
Vanessa: Uh, but did it work?
Norm: Muffin time, sir!
Doofenshmirtz: We are back in business, baby girl! (hugs Vanessa)
Vanessa: Yes! Dad, I'm so proud of you! You did it!
Doofenshmirtz: Aw, I'd do anything for you, pumpkin pants! After we dismantle this thing, I don't know what I'm gonna do with myself. I've got no experience being a good guy.
Vanessa: Well, I'll stick around and help you figure it out. I hear OWCA is looking for a few good animals.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, I was raised by ocelots!
(Perry discovers the inator wasn't even plugged in, but decides to let Doof have this victory.)

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I'm six foot two, and I fight a little platypus! ♪
♪Ya think I'd be victorious just every now and then. ♪
♪ I've had a whole lot of schemes and a lot of inators! ♪
♪ But I failed.. ♪.
Doofenshmirtz and the cast ♪ Over and over and ♪
♪ Over and over ♪
♪ And over and over again! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Aw... But it was fun, though!

(As seen on Netflix and Disney+)
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I can get it right, ♪
♪ Because today I have multiple chances. ♪
Candace: ♪ With just a little foresight, ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ My means will justify my ends. ♪
Candace: ♪ My worries will be over soon! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I'll rework my fate, improve my circumstances! ♪
Candace: ♪ If I get it wrong ♪
Doofenshmirtz and Candace: ♪ This afternoon, ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I'll get it right today when tomorrow is this ♪
Doofenshmirtz and Candace: ♪ Morning again! ♪
♪ If I get it wrong this afternoon, ♪
♪ I'll get it right today when tomorrow is this morning again! ♪
♪ If I get it wrong this afternoon, ♪
♪ I'll get it right today when tomorrow is this morning agaaaaaaaaaain! ♪

Doofelations Special:224 | O.W.C.A. Files

(Scene opens on a carnival at night. A car pulls up. A rather round looking gentleman comes out accompanied by two accomplices wearing sunglasses and berets. Perry the Platypus appears in the dunking booth. He pops out of the water and signals, to a hyena trainee, Harry the Hyena. Harry accidentally hits the target and dunks Perry.)
Harry the Hyena: Oh? Hee-hee-hee-hee-hee-hee-hee! (grunts) Heh-heh-heh-heh-heh!!
(Cut to another part of the carnival. A red macaw trainee, Maggie the Macaw, hides among the stuffed animal prizes. She takes out binoculars from her fedora. In another section, a Siamese cat trainee, Karen the Cat, is just standing around. Cut to Doof's bedroom. His alarm clock on the floor goes off. Doof shoves his lamp off his nightstand and feels around for the clock and falls out of his bed.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, no! The mission!
(Song: O.W.C.A. Files)

(Scene opens back on the carnival. Perry is climbing up the log flume while Harry tosses him a rope. A tray stops the water and Perry slides down.)
Harry the Hyena: Huh? Ha ha ha ha ha!
(Cut to Karen and Maggie who are over by the swings. Maggie ties a rope while Karen hops onto a swing and Maggie attempts to catch her. Cut to the bumper cars, where Perry and Harry are. Perry lets Harry into the car and puts a lock and chain onto a handle and carries a baseball. Cut to the enemies. The leader takes the top off his cotton candy revealing gold and jewels. The accomplices carry briefcases filled with cash. Perry takes his best swing at the target on the log flume, but Karen wants to play with it. Perry takes it away from Karen and hits the target, releasing all of the log flumes.)
Leader: Huh?
Enemies: Yaaaaahhh!!
(Perry turns on the swings and the enemies get trapped in the bumper cars.)
Perry: (whistles)
(Cut to Karen on a bumper car with a gate attached to it being driven by her and Harry. They trap the villains. Perry gets his end of the gate locked, but Karen doesn't have a clue, allowing them to escape. Perry chases after them, retrieving his scooter from a clown-shaped bush. But Carl arrives on his golf cart.)
Carl: Whoa, whoa, whoa, Agent P, stop right there! Shut it down! Stop the exercise!
(Cut to outside. A dome is lifted over the carnival revealing it to be a simulation.)
Carl: Agent P, nowhere in the O.W.C.A. training manual does it say, "Abandon your team and apprehend the suspect by yourself." You're not a lone wolf anymore. Your team lacks focus and they need your leadership.
Harry: Ha ha ha!
Maggie: Learn to drive, you jerk!
Carl: Heck, one of your trainees didn't even show up.
Doofenshmirtz: No, no! I'm here! I'm here! (arrives with some rockets) Just a little late! I'm here! Phew! But it's okay, I made this to help.
Carl: You can't shoot that at a suspect! Are you crazy?! It would blow them to smithereens!
Doofenshmirtz: What's the big deal? I blow up all the time.
Carl: Nevertheless, individually, your scores look promising, but there's still a big problem with teamwork.
(Cut to Harry and Doof imitating the picture of two animal agents holding hands. Doof lets go.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, bub, it's just a piece of clipart.
Harry: Hee hee hee hee hee...
Carl: And, Doofenshmirtz, you're lucky you're legally considered an ocelot, or you wouldn't be here at all!
♪ Wah wah wah ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah. I'd say that's probably the first time anyone has described my being abandoned by my parents and raised by Central American wildcats as "lucky".
♪ Wah wah wah wah ♪
(Zoom out to reveal the wah-wah music coming from Harry playing the trumpet with a plunger mute.)
Doofenshmirtz: You're gonna be wearing that thing in a second.
Harry: Heh...heh heh heh...
Doofenshmirtz: Besides, I've, I've given up evil.
Carl: Look, if you guys can't pass this training exercise, there's no way you'll complete "Town Square Riot", "Freeway Assault", or "Escape the Ancient Ruin". Agent P, your trainees need to learn how to work together as a team or they're never gonna earn their black hat bands. And, uh, Karen? (takes out a laser pointer and points it at Karen, who is chasing a butterfly) Karen the Cat. Pay attention. Karen, I'm over here.
Karen: Meow.
Carl: Follow the light. That's right. Now, you're going to have to do the entire training exercise again.
OWCA Day-Players: Yay! High five!
Carl: No, I'm not approving overtime. We'll do it without you day-players.
OWCA Day-Players: Awwww...
OWCA Day-Player: Come on. Let's just storm out as if we have somewhere else to go.
(Carl's watch beeps.)
Major Monogram: Carl, when you're finished with Agent P's team on the backlot, return to headquarters immediately.
Carl: Sorry, Agent P. Gotta go. (gives Perry the laser pointer and the manual) Carry on. And remember! Teamwork!
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, can we still use this thing? (He activates the rocket and it blasts into an unknown area.) Heh heh heh. Well, y'know, hopefully that didn't hit anything important.

(Cut to Agent P joined by his rather inept teammates. His watch beeps.)
Major Monogram: Agent P. Come in, Agent P. Oh, good, you're all right. We need your help. OWCA's on lockdown. We're trapped!
(Cut to reveal Monogram on a dolly with the triangle set on it being pushed by a running Carl.)
Major Monogram: And all of the agents are being controlled by a sinister being named Professor Parenthesis.
Carl: That's Parenthesis, sir.
(Cut back to Agent P.)
Major Monogram: Oh, right. Anyway, Parenthesis is using robot fleas to control our agents' minds...
Carl: Left turn!
Major Monogram: Whoa! He snuck the fleas into OWCA Headquarters by hiding them in a shipment of flea collars.
Carl: Right turn!
Major Monogram: And now he's...Hey, Carl! Whoa! Anyway, he's controlling them with a small remote device. It's up to you and your team to find Parenthesis and destroy that remote. You're all we've got on the outside, so...
Carl: Wet floor!
Major Monogram: Whoa! Great googly moogly!
(The watch goes black.)
Doofenshmirtz: Wow, that sounds kind of serious. Guess the first thing we should do is start looking for clues? Huh? Huh?
Maggie: (repeating what Monogram said) Shipment of flea collars!
(Cut to Karen in a box labeled "Contents: Flea Collars".)
Doofenshmirtz: It's the box those flea collars came in. And there's his return address. "The Bottom of the Grand Canyon." Hey, hold on a second. Parenthesis! I know that guy! I met him at an evil convention about three years ago. Walks around in those pink slippers pushing his screenplay on everyone. Sure. (closeup on Doof) And now we got his home address! (Long shot to reveal Doof alone.) Perry the Platypus, we should go to your secret lair and get your hover car... (the rest are already ahead) Okay, fine, just... Just remember it was my idea!

(Cut to Phineas and Ferb's neighborhood. Doof joins the rest of his team out of breath.)
Doofenshmirtz: (panting) Man, you guys are... You guys are fast. Ah, so this must be your...your host family's house. What's with all the rockets in the r— Oh, those are mine! That must be where they landed! Wh-What a coincidence! Well, it's a good thing they're not armed or... (The rockets start beeping. Doof chuckles.) Don't worry, Perry the Platypus. Everything is gonna be okay.
(KABOOM!!!!)
Doofenshmirtz: If I can get a ladder, I can defuse them before they blow up. (Notices the house is destroyed.) Eh. Well, on the bright side, now we don't have to find that ladder.
(Perry walks in sadly to see his family's house destroyed.)
Doofenshmirtz: Wow, what a mess. But don't worry, Perry the Platypus. OWCA's got plenty of money now. They'll... (snaps fingers) They'll fix this place up before your host family even gets back and they'll, they'll replace all this junk with...y'know, pretty much identical junk. (Harry gives him a look.) What?
(Perry and Maggie look at the basement.)

(Cut to Perry's lair, now in shambles. Ropes drop down, which Perry and Harry rappel from. Another rope drops down, but Doof does not rappel from it. He falls to the ground, and lands in Perry's chair.)
Doofenshmirtz: AAAAAAAAAAHHHH!!!
Karen: REOW!!
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, see? A cat always lands on my feet.
Karen: Meow.
Doofenshmirtz: Ooh, Perry the Platypus, is this your lair? Nice! At least it, it would be if it wasn't so, y'know, blown to smithereens. (He picks up and throws away a Perry the Inaction Figure.) Oh, hey, an underwater diving capsule. (He knocks it over.) Man, I see why you never use it. ♪ Fragile! ♪ And is that a pressurized space suit? 'Cause that is not what you wore when we were in space. Hey, check this out! (Picks up the locket from Phineas and Ferb the Movie: Across the 2nd Dimension.) Oh, you look so young! Who's a widdle pwatypus?! (He hears Perry starting his hovercar.) Where do you think you're going? (He throws the locket in the toilet.) No-no-no-no-no-no, look. I know you might be a little upset, what with your house and your lair so exploded and all, and... And I have to admit that I feel...slightly responsible...
Maggie: (imitating the rockets) Beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep... PYEOW!!!
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, thanks for the recap, Maggie. Anyway, you can't just go off and solve this without me.
Harry: (snorts)
Doofenshmirtz: I was getting to you guys. I mean, without me and them. And the cat, wherever the...
Karen: (purrs)
Doofenshmirtz: Hmm. Anyway, I know we can't all fit in this, but...if we work together, there's a lot of blown up stuff lying around here, and I'm, I'm sure we can jury rig something that will carry, y'know, all of us. Like a well-bonded machine.
(Cut to later. The hovercar now has different things attached to it able to carry all the trainees.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, the welds aren't really bonded on this machine, so, y'know, try not to move around too much in flight. Grand Canyon, here we come!

(Cut to Doof exhausted.)
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah. If anyone happens to see a canyon that looks sorta grandish, just speak up. Or maybe not speak up, maybe meow up, or squawk, er, whatever it is that you do, up.
Maggie: Are we there yet? (plucks a feather) Are we there yet? (plucks a feather) Are we there yet? (plucks a feather) Are we there yet?
Harry: Ha ha ha ha! Hee hee hee hee hee hee! (sighs, groans)
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah.
Doofenshmirtz and Maggie: Are we there yet?
Doofenshmirtz: (to Perry) I have no way of knowing, because I've never been there, and...you don't talk.
Maggie: Are we there yet? (plucks a feather) Are we there yet? (plucks a feather)
Doofenshmirtz: Man, these guys are really annoying. Doncha think?
(Cut to an upside-down shot of Perry driving with bloodshot eyes.)
Doofenshmirtz: I'm right, aren't I? Annoying. Yeah, I'm right.

(Cut back to the agent trainees.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, the Grand Canyon. It's nice. You got the Colorado River, you got the giant robot fleas. you got these nice red rocks right h— (gasps) Wait a second! The Colorado River?! I thought we were in Arizona! (gasps) And wait another second! Giant robot fleas?!? Yeah, those are definitely the attack drones of an evil scientist. Yeah, y-you're gonna wanna punch it.
(Perry sets his hovercar from "Fast" to "Really Fast" to "Punch It!" as they make their getaway. Harry gets into the pressurized space suit ready to fight. Maggie adjusts her fedora. Karen just sits there.)
Doofenshmirtz: All right! Nice one! Oh, let me help. We gotta have some weapons around. Wait wait wait, what does this lever do? (pulls the lever several times) No, no, no, that, uh, it doesn't...it doesn't seem to do anything. (Cut to reveal Perry's seat hitting him, revealing what it does.)
(Perry takes the seat that is hitting him and throws it at one of the fleas.)
Doofenshmirtz: Give me something to hit him with. (Takes the football helmet Karen is sitting in.) Thanks, Harry.
Karen: REEEEERR!
Doofenshmirtz: Take that!
Maggie: We lost the cat! We lost the cat!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, relax. The cat's right... (realizes she's gone. Rotates his seat at the fleas.) Take that! And that! One for you, too! There you go! Uh-oh. Where's Harry? Oh, there he is! I see a bright future for that kid. Well, y'know, if we survive today. Oh, and there's Karen. Hi, Karen!
(A flea chomps on Perry's hovercar, and Doof and Perry jump out and land in the river. Cut to Parenthesis watching the hovercar crashing.)

(Cut to the Grand Canyon, where the trainees are by the wreckage.)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, you know what they say. Any landing where you don't get stabbed with a fork is a good one. And I didn't get stabbed with a fork. Any of you guys? Hello? Harry?
Harry: (whistles)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, there he is. Impressive! Y'know, as, as evil lairs go, I give that, like, an eight. It looks like a classic mid-'60s megalomaniacal design. And the water feature is very nice. Fortunately, I know a thing or two about... (pull out to reveal Doof alone again) Sheesh! (Doof goes over to the others, who are looking at a scale model of the lair.) Oh, heh. Yeah, w-way to get the ball rolling there, Perry the Platypus. I-I see you're gonna use the... (looks at the manual) Standard Evil Fortress Infiltration Technique, or SEFIT. Man, these guys are really bad at acronyms. Good choice, though. Wh-What do I get to do? (stammers) What's my part? (Perry points behind Doof as he sees a coffee shop.) Oh, I'm the coffee guy. Good start. We're gonna need to stay sharp on this one.
(Doof runs over to the coffee shop. Cut back to the trainees. Perry now is showing figurines of all the animal agents and plotting what to do. Doof returns with the coffee.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, I'm back. Eh, who had the double espresso? (Harry takes it.) There you go. And a caramel macchiato. (Maggie takes it.) Maggie. And I guess that means that Perry the Platypus had the... Yes, the oolong tea, of course. And I got a scone, but it was like, five dollars. So I only got one. Oh, you got little figurines. There's Harry, and Maggie, and eh, where's my little guy? (Perry picks up a rock and paints a crudely-drawn Doof onto it.) Ah, that's sorta nice, it's... (Perry places Doof by the model of the coffee shop to make a point.) Oh, wh-wh-while you guys do that, I'll just be back...over... Alright, well, I guess I'll just be over... over here if you need me.

Doofenshmirtz: I coulda helped. I understand the Standard Evil Fortress Infiltration Technique. Step one: Diversion.
(Cut to Parenthesis.)
Parenthesis: (to his robot fleas) Jason, Shirley, water is no longer coming out of my hole. Get down there and see what you can do about it.
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) Step two: Immobilization.
(Cut to Jason and Shirley looking at Karen as Harry speeds past them, knocking them over.)
Doofenshmirtz: Step three: Infiltration. They'll take them completely by surprise. They'll just walk right in the door past that giant lava lamp, and... Why would there be a giant? (record scratch) IT'S A TRAP!!
(The word "Duh" floats past Doof's head.)

(Cut to the Perry and the trainees inside the lair.)
Parenthesis: Ah, Perry the Platypus and friends. Right on time. Actually, you're a little early. (drops open the trap door) Ah, now you're on time!
(Cut to a dark room. Perry and the others are trapped inside a capsule, balancing on a cone.)
Parenthesis: Well, well, well, now that you're all bottled up, I'm free to go to OWCA for the culmination of my evil plan! In 28 minutes, my fleas will have worked their way into each agent's neuro-pathways. And then my mind control will be permanent! I will single-handedly take control of every OWCA agent! (to some fleas) Susan, Jim, Tracy, Connie, to the Parentho-Copter! (to the trainees) I hope you find my accommodations uncomfortable. (lights a wrecking ball on fire and releases it) And yes. Soon it will be worse.
(Pan down to reveal the room is rigged with explosives. Cut to Agent P and the others. He takes off his fedora, gets out his blowtorch, climbs on top of Harry and burns a hole through the top of the capsule. He starts to burn a hole through the bottom but Karen jumps on top of him.)
Karen: Meow!
(The capsule starts to drop down. Agent P burns a hole through one side. The side drops off and bangs onto one of the explosives.)
Doofenshmirtz: Aw, looks like you might need my help after all! Lucky for you I brought a rope, with a dreamcatcher on the end! That's what you call style! Anyway, alright, here, catch. (throws the dreamcatcher at Karen, but she pushes it off the edge) Uh, Karen, I don't think you're grasping this whole "grab the rope" concept. Can someone else get this one? (it gets tangled in the wrecking ball) Oh, great, now it's tangled in the... AAAAAHHHH!!! (The wrecking ball ends up in the capsule.) Wow! Did you guys see that? I almost got— Alright, minor setback. No problem. I'm just gonna have to come down there and get you myself. (Pushes a rubber raft through the door.) See, this is why I brought the raft.
(Cut to the trainees attempting to get out of the capsule. Cut to Doof hanging off the ledge.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, I might have a little bit of a pro— (falls down and ends up in the water. He gets on the raft but is surrounded by alligators.) Get back, you, before I get all Creole chef on you! (to the trainees) Come on, you guys! Jump! I gotcha! I gotcha! I got— (the trainees jump into the raft)
Karen: Reeeeeooww!
(Karen lands on Doof's feet.)
Doofenshmirtz: See? A cat always lands on my feet. Wait, nobody move. Here. (takes a selfie) That's goin' on my blog.
(The capsule cracks, and the shards land near the explosives.)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, uh, that can't be good.
(Perry takes the laser pointer and aims it at the end of the raft. Karen jumps to the laser and claws at the raft, sending it speeding away.)
Doofenshmirtz: Woo-hoo! Yeah! Woo-hoo! Woo! Woooo! I did it! I saved you guys and now we're safe! (some alligators land in their raft) Except for the fact that it's, you know, raining alligators. And secret lairs.
(The destroyed lair falls on the trainees.)

(Cut to Doof and the others walking away from the wrecked lair.)
Doofenshmirtz: Y'know, it, uh... It could've been worse. Uh, don't..don't all thank me at once. Knowing my talent has served my fellow agents is thanks enough.
(Cut to Perry opening the trunk of his hover car. Cut back to Doof with the others.)
Maggie: Rawk! Lousy rescue!
Doofenshmirtz: I wouldn't call it lousy, per se. A little off, maybe, but... Oh, come on. Harry the Hyena, it was a good rescue, wasn't it?
Harry: A-hee-ha-ha-ha-ha! A-ha-ha-ha ha ha ha ha. Eh, heh heh... Eh... Nah.
Doofenshmirtz: Karen the Cat? Anything? Uh, no? What did you think of the rescue, Perry the— (Perry throws the training manual at Doof) Ow! (Perry takes off in his jet pack) Hey, Perry the Platypus, you're leaving us?!
(Harry and Maggie look at each other and agree to leave Doof as well.)
(Song: Bits of All of Us)
(The words '"TEAM WORK" float in front of Doof's face.)
Doofenshmirtz: (shooing the letters away) Knock it off! Hope that's not permanent. Oh, I get it! H-Hey, hey, you guys, come back. Come back! Now, let me just explain.
♪ They say there is no "I" in teamwork, ♪
♪ But there's an "M" and there's an "E" (That's "me"). ♪
♪ I mean, you can't have a team without individuals, ♪
♪ On that we can agree. ♪

♪ You take the "T" from the end of "Doofenshmirtz", ♪
♪ And the "E" from "Karen the Cat", ♪
♪ Harry has an "A" in it and Maggie's got an "M", ♪
♪ So we're a team, my friends. That's that. ♪

Oh, that was easier than I thought it would be. If only we had a "W", we could spell out "teamwork".
Maggie: Macaw!
Doofenshmirtz: (gasps) That's right! "Macaw" has a "W" in it! So we can do it! Okay, here, from the beginning.

♪ You take the "T" that's very deep in "Doofenshmirtz", ♪
♪ The "E" from Karen the Cat, ♪
♪ Harry's got an "A" in it and Maggie's got an "M", ♪
♪ So we're a team, my friends, that's that. ♪

(Cut back to Perry, who makes his getaway on Carl's golf cart.)
Parenthesis: Get him!
(The Town Square Riot simulation activates.)
Parenthesis: Where did the platypus go? (gasps) Connie! There you go. Lemme just straighten your collar. To the freeway!
(The fleas chase Perry in the Fairway Assault simulation.)
Parenthesis: How about a little oncoming traffic, you portentous platypus?
(The simulation activates.)
Parenthesis: Yes! Finish him!
(Perry swerves through the simulation tipping a fake truck over.)
Parenthesis: What's this?
(The truck crashes into an exit sign ending the simulation. Perry makes his way to the Escape the Ancient Ruin simulation, but Parenthesis arrives there.)
Parenthesis: Here, little semi--aquatic mammal. Here, boy. Nowhere to turn now! Oh, look, I'm wearing glasses. I'm a hipster.
(Perry backs away from Parentheis and the others, and crawls into the carnival simulation.)
Parenthesis: Okay, end of the line, platypus! You've nowhere to... Oooh, cotton candy! Give me some of that!
(Just like in the beginning of the episode, Perry hides in the dunking booth.)
Parenthesis: Does anyone see him? He's small, teal, wears a hat. Oh, come on. How hard is it to find a small platypus in a carnival setting? Don't say it! I just heard myself.
(Perry sees a baseball thrown at the target launching the log flume.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, yeah! Great throw, Harry!
Harry: Ha ha ha ha ha!
Maggie: (squawks)
(The swings launch.)
Parenthesis: Whoa!
(He crashes into the bumper cars, and the gates are driven by Harry and Doof.)
Maggie: Mmm, got it!
(Perry locks the other side.)
Doofenshmirtz: Woohoo!
Harry: Yeah!
(Perry walks up to the trainees smiling.)
Doofenshmirtz: Thanks for believing in your team, Perry the Platypus.
(He shows Perry the page of the manual showing the Carnival Caper simulation, which says, "Meet me here! P.")
Parenthesis: You think this cage can stop me?! (tears the gate off, grabs the agents and laughs) I have you now!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, great! Karen's here! We're saved!
Maggie: We're dead!
Doofenshmirtz: Gwan, Karen, do your thing.
Parenthesis: Oh. I forgot the feline. Susan, Jim, Tracy, Connie, take the cat out.
Karen: Reeeeor!
(Cut to reveal Karen karate chopping all the fleas.)
Parenthesis: What?! No! You'll pay for that!
(A fight occurs between Karen and Parenthesis.)
Parenthesis: Wah! (gasps) My slipper!  Ahh! NO!
Karen: (screeches)
Parenthesis: Hey! Ow! Aw! Ow! (sighs) Oh, well, you guys do work well together. But to no avail. I may be boo-boo'd and bruised, but I still have control over OWCA's agents! Ha! And it all becomes permanent in just five more seconds! (something is heard falling from the sky. It is the fan falling on Parenthesis.) AAAAAAH!!
(Cut to the Bug Trio on the airplane.)
Wendell: Hey, Napoleon, our motor came off.
(Cut back to Parenthesis still screaming. His remote is destroyed ending all the fleas' control over the agents, who let go of Monogram and Carl, feeling embarrassed. Cut back to the destroyed Parenthesis robot.)
Doofenshmirtz: (gathering the flea with tweezers) And gotcha!
(Doof drops the flea into a pill capsule, which is sealed closed by Perry.)
Major Monogram: Well done, team! You've earned those black hat bands. You are now officially OWCA agents!
(The agents applaud them.)

(Cut to Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, hey, now that we're agents, when do I get to use this thing? (launches a rocket launcher) Whoa! (The rockets crash into the OWCA headquarters.) Oops, sorry.
Major Monogram: Carl?
Carl: There's still money in the budget, sir.

Doofelations Special:225 | Phineas and Ferb the Movie: Candace Against the Universe

(Zoom in on:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(Perry the Platypus and Dr. Doofenshmirtz are mid-battle. Doof is in a mechanized platypus suit.)
Doofenshmirtz: Finally! We are evenly matched!
(He swats Perry with his mechanical platypus tail, knocking him into some cleaning supplies.)
Doofenshmirtz: It's too late, Perry the Platypus. My power vacuum-inator will soon turn the mayor's mansion into lint! And then vacuum it up, thereby creating an actual "power vacuum" for me to fill. See? See how I used "vacuum" as both a transitive verb and an abstract concept? That's grammatical versatilit—
(Doofenshmirtz gets hit in the face with his own vacuum cleaner, which Perry has thrown knocking him into the power vacuum-inator and spinning it around. The inator hits a purple beam, diagonally down from the balcony.)

(Cut back to D.E.I. Doof is lying at the base of the inator. Doof turns to Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh. Oh. I see what you did there. You used "vacuum" as a noun and a weapon. Touché.
(A big vacuum hose attachment rises out of the top of the inator and begins to suck air.)

(During this scene, we see the enormous robot-shaped lint blob gradually sucked away, getting smaller and smaller, until it is gone, just as Mom turns around to see the empty backyard with the kids sitting innocently on the grass.)
Linda: (unsurprised) Oh, look. There's nothing here.
(Candace's jaw drops. She looks like she has been punched in the gut.)
Linda: Hi, kids!
Phineas: Hi, Mom!
(As Mom goes inside, we go to Candace just staring at the kids in the spot where the robot was, crushed.)
Isabella: That was fun! See ya, Phineas!
Phineas: See ya!
Baljeet: Was that lint? It smelled like lint.
Buford: It tasted like lint.
Baljeet: Why were you tasting it?
Buford: You were smellin' it!
Baljeet: Not on purpose!
(The kids exit. Candace is still shell-shocked and muttering to herself.)
Candace: It's not fair.
(At which point, the brothers notice her.)
Phineas: Did you say something, Candace?
Candace: I said, "It's not fair!" Every day always works out for you! You guys are having a great summer!
(Candace's whole body is trembling, a volcano about to erupt. And then it does.)
Phineas: Well, we're all having a pretty great—
Candace: Not me, okay?! Every day, I get beaten down by the universe! I just feel so defeated. I feel so alone. (sobs)
(Candace slinks away. Phineas and Ferb's jaws are on the floor from the emotional bomb that has just been dropped.)
Phineas: Wow. We've been having so much fun this summer, I just assumed Candace had been, too. We should do something to cheer her up. We should make her a gift. Let's see. Last time we carved her face into Mt. Rushmore.
(We quickly cut away to a scene from "Candace Loses Her Head" where the boys have carved Candace's likeness into Mt. Rushmore, and the lava begins oozing out and destroying it.)
Phineas: Hmmmm... let's do something more permanent this time.
(Cut to Agent P emerging from behind the fence and dropping down accompanied by his signature cue:)
♪ Perry! ♪
(As he hides behind the tree his watch beeps. Monogram appears on the watch.)
Major Monogram: Excellent work thwarting Dr. Doofenshmirtz, Agent P. Why don't you take the rest of the day off?
Carl: Does that mean I get the rest of the day off, t—
Major Monogram: Don't be ridiculous, Carl.
Carl: Oh.
(As Agent P's watch beeps off, he takes off his fedora and reverts back to mindless pet mode and goes to sleep.)

(Cut to another portal that the gang step out of, and they are approached by...)
Norm: Hello, and welcome, aliens.
The gang: (scream)
Baljeet: Giant robot! Quick! Give them Buford!
Buford: Hey!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, that's just Norm. He's... he's usually harmless. A—Are you guys aliens?
Buford: We're not the aliens. You're the alien.
Isabella: Guys, we're still in Danville!
Buford: All right, I guess neither of us are aliens. But what's with your neck?
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, what... what's wrong with my neck?
Phineas: We're still in Danville?
Baljeet: That is not possible. My calculations could not have been that off.
Phineas: And why do you have a portal?
Doofenshmirtz: Well, I was trying to get to the planet Feebla-Oot in the Vro—the Vr—the——the Vro—
Ferb: The Vroblok Cluster.
Doofenshmirtz: Man, say that 12 times fast.
Phineas and Ferb: Vroblok, Vroblok, Vroblok, Vroblok, Vroblok, Vroblok, Vroblok, Vroblok, Vroblok, Vroblok, Vroblok, Vroblok.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, that was, uh, disturbing.
Phineas: We have to get to Feebla-Oot to save our sister.
Doofenshmirtz: And my daughter was apparently abducted by an alien pod from there. (Doof takes out his phone.) Here, look. Sh— She posted on social media. Look, see?
Phineas: That's Vanessa. We know her.
(Close-up on Doof's phones revealing a photo of a screaming Candace next to a calm Vanessa on the ship with the caption "That feeling you get when you're abducted by an alien space pod... Totally freaking out!!!")
Isabella: And she's with Candace.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, I hope my little girl is okay.
Baljeet: (looking at his phone, shouts) There is an ion barrier around the planet. Our transporters were both deflected, which made them connect to each other.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, so getting there by portal is astrologically impossible.
Baljeet: You mean "astronomically".
(Doof is suddenly holding a newspaper.)
Doofenshmirtz: No, I mean astrologically. Here, look at my horoscope.
(Doof hands Baljeet the newspaper, and he reads from it.)
Baljeet: "Virgo: You will be unable to reach a planet via portal due to it being astronomically impossible."
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, so I guess we're both right.
Baljeet: (sighs)
Phineas: If we're going to rescue Candace and Vanessa, we need to build a spaceship. Unless anyone has one lying around.
Doofenshmirtz: I... I don't have a spaceship per se, but I... but I do have...
(Flip wipe to Doof, Phineas and the gang standing near an inator that looks suspiciously like a spaceship.)
Doofenshmirtz: ...my galactic travel-inator! You get inside it, it flies you up to, and I guess more to the point, through space.
Isabella: You mean, like, a spaceship.
Doofenshmirtz: Well, I suppose it's like a spaceship, in that it operates like and performs the exact same functions as a spaceship, but it's an inator. There's a difference.
Baljeet: Is the difference purely semantic?
Doofenshmirtz: It's branding! Leave me alone.

(Cut back to the backyard. Agent P approaches the portal accompanied by his theme music.)
♪ Doo bee doo bee doo bah ♪
♪ Doo bee doo bee doo bah ♪
♪ Doo bee doo bee doo bah ♪
♪ Doo bee doo bee doo bah ♪
♪ Doo bee doo bee doo— ♪
(Perry steps through the portal, and then looks startled as he sees Phineas and the gang working with Doof.)
Phineas: Tick-tock, people. We have a sister and a daughter to rescue.
(As Doof steps onto the inator, a handheld inator drops and Isabella looks at it and picks it up.)
Isabella: What is this?
Doofenshmirtz: My Chicken-Replace-inator.
Isabella: Is that something we're gonna need?
Doofenshmirtz: Let's just say that I'd rather have a device that makes things switch places with the nearest chicken and not need it, than need one and not have it.
Buford: (carrying a canoe) I'm with him on that.
Isabella: Says the guy bringing a canoe into space.
Buford: Hey, you don't know everything about space!
(Buford bumps into the doorway and turns the canoe the other way and walks through, bumping it again and again.)
Buford: Who built this door?
(Zoom out on Agent P. His watch beeps and Perry shows Monogram the situation.)
Major Monogram: Wow. Okay. That does complicate things quite a bit. Remember, you can't reveal yourself as an agent to your host family, but you also can't reveal yourself as their pet to Dr. Doofenshmirtz. I guess, in retrospect, you are the single worst agent we could've sent on this mission. Heh. All right. See ya. Wouldn't wanna be ya.
Buford: Is there a barf bag on this thing, Doc? I'm askin' for a friend.
(The gang step inside the ship, and Perry just barely makes it inside before the door closes. The roof opens and the ship rises for launch.)
Phineas: All right, Operation: Save Candace and Vanessa is about to begin.
(Doof and Isabella set the controls for launch. The rocket fires, Isabella pushes a button and the ship blasts off, unfortunately, once again, destroying D.E.I. in the process.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh! No, no, no! Okay, that was on me, but so fun to be traveling into outer space with a bunch of kids who teleported into my house with no adult supervision.

(Cut back to Doof's ship.)
Baljeet: According to my calculations, we are on course to reach the planet in 47 minutes at our current velocity.
Phineas: Can't we get any more speed out of this thing?
Isabella: I think we could coax a little more out of these engines if we bypass the compressor system and fed power directly into the impulse drive.
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, I don't come down to where you work and tell you how to sell cupcakes.
(An alarm starts blaring, and the ship starts undergoing turbulence.)
Phineas: What was that?
Baljeet: Oh, no! We are entering an uncharted asteroid field!
Buford: (playing with a yo-yo) Ya couldn't have navigated around that?
Baljeet: Oh! I just said it was uncharted!
(Isabella and Doof buckle up.)
Phineas: Big one coming up, starboard side!
Doofenshmirtz: Starboard?
Isabella: On the right! On the right!
Doofenshmirtz: My right or your right?
Isabella: We're facing the same direction!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, right. Our right.
(During this, Perry notices a button to activate a space suit, and pushes it, and puts the suit on.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, look, if you've got special words for "up" and "down", let me know now.
(Agent P buckles a rope to a handle and goes out the door navigating his way through the asteroids.)
(Song: Unsung Hero)
♪ Hooooo... ♪

♪ This is the song of the unsung hero, ♪
♪ But I guess, technically, he's now got a song. ('Cause I'm singin' it.) ♪
♪ You might not even know he's here—♪
(Cut to inside the ship.)
Doofenshmirtz: Wow! It's like the Fourth of July out there!
(Cut back to Perry.)
♪ Here, oh ♪
♪ But he's out there on his own, just wingin' it. ♪

(Cut back to inside the ship.)
Isabella: Somehow, we're missing all the asteroids!
Buford: Hey, everybody, look! Cat's Cradle! It's the first time I've ever been able to do this!
Phineas: Buford!
Buford: Ah, sorry. I was in the zone.
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, we're out of the asteroid field.

(Cut to Doof's ship approaching the ion barrier.)
Baljeet: Okay, we are approaching the ion barrier. Activate your ion shield.
Doofenshmirtz: We don't have an ion shield. We're not fancy-shmancy.
Baljeet: But... (groans) we have to pass through an ion barrier to get to the planet.
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, so?
Baljeet: So, if we go through the ion barrier without a shield, it could fry all of the electronics on the ship rendering our navigation useless and stranding us in space!!
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, that was something I did not know.
Phineas: Well, there's gotta be a way through, right?
Baljeet: Well, no, not without a— Wait a minute. Space Adventure!
♪ Space Adventure— ♪
Baljeet: In episode 206B of Space Adventure, they were able to go through an ion barrier without a shield by spinning the U.S.S Minotaur and scattering the ions as they went.
Isabella: I'm not sure that would work in real life.
Baljeet: Well, I am sure that the writers of Space Adventure would have a better grasp of astrophysics than you. Or even me, because I do not see how the science would work either, but... hold on!
Isabella: Wait!
(Baljeet takes control of the ship and it begins spinning in all directions. It somehow passes through the ion barrier.)
Isabella: Yes, we made it through!
Phineas: We're clear! Baljeet, you can stop it spinning now!
Baljeet: Unfortunately, I cannot! We have lost all helm control.
Buford: What?!!
Baljeet: I do not understand. It worked perfectly in Space Adventure.
Phineas: Well, there is some good news. That planet we're plummeting towards is Feebla-Oot. So we're crashing right on target.
Doofenshmirtz: Ooh, and the atmosphere slowed our spin. But it set us on fire!
Baljeet: And we still have no controls!
(The ship crashes into a mushroom tree, catapulting it to another tree, and then another, until it finally slumps to the ground on one tree. The doors open and Phineas and Ferb check their surroundings. The gang make their way off the ship, to the strains of eerie theremin music.)
Isabella: It's beautiful. And so peaceful...
(A creature growls behind them. They turn around and notice a big green pachyderm-like beast with a huge dental problem and big tusks on its cheeks.)
Creature: (through subtitles) SKY PEOPLE HAVE BIG CRASH.
Phineas and the gang: (scream)
Creature: (through subtitles) EVERYONE OKAY?
(A rustling is heard, and the tree catapults the creature into the atmosphere.)
Isabella: So, should we be worried that that's gonna fall back down and land on us?
(Baljeet checks through his viewfinder.)
Baljeet: Nope. He is in orbit.
Creature: (through subtitles) HELP ME!
Baljeet: He must have achieved escape velocity. Good for him.
(Doof emerges from the ship with a bucket on his head.)
Doofenshmirtz: I can't see! I can't see! My eyes are not functioning prop—
Isabella: You've got a bucket on your head.
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, it's okay. Wait a second. I— I fixed it. I had a bucket on my head.
("Whomp.")
Phineas: Let's check out the damage.
(Pan left to a bush to reveal...)
♪ Perry! ♪
Perry: (to his singers) Shh.
(quietly) ♪ Perry. ♪
(Cut to the ship, which is pretty much in poor condition. Buford walks by with his canoe.)
Isabella: We're not getting anywhere with this spaceship.
Doofenshmirtz: It's an inator— (groans) What does it matter? It's just a pile of junk now anyway.
Baljeet: I am not sure how we will ever get back home.
Phineas: We'll figure out something. We always do. But the important thing is we have to find Candace and Vanessa.
Isabella: Maybe we should start by looking... there.
(Zoom in on the fortress. An ominous tone emits mysteriously.)
Phineas: Wait a minute.
(Ominous tone.)
Phineas: Does anybody else hear a strange, ominous tone when they look at that alien fortress-y thing?
(Phineas' POV; ominous tone. Pan left and the tone stops.)
Phineas: But only when I look directly at it. I can hear it when I look...
(Ominous tone.)
Phineas: Yeah, I have to—
Baljeet: Yes!
Isabella: Oh, yeah, me, too!
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, yeah, it's like a low tone.
Baljeet: I wish we could study the science...
Buford: I don't hear anything. What are you guys talking about? You're freaking me out!
Phineas: (rolling his eyes, over Buford) I can hear it when I look... just directly at it.
(Dizzy perspective; ominous tone every time the camera centers on the fortress.)
Isabella: I've never seen anything like that before.
Phineas: Every time my eyes get near it.
(Beat.)
Phineas: Alien planets are weird. Okay, let's go.
(The gang start to walk, and Buford takes his canoe. Perry stays as far from them as possible.)
Buford: We're walkin' towards the thing that makes you all hear an ominous noise? We're doin' that?
Phineas: I hate to think what Candace is going through in there. This must be the worst day of her life.
(Ominous tone.)

(Cut back to the trees as we pan by various weird-looking insects, until we finally meet back up with the gang. Isabella steps on a mound and surveys her surroundings.)
Isabella: This way, team. The fortress is three klicks away.
Doofenshmirtz: Wait a minute! What's a "klick"? And who put you in charge, young lady? I'm the grown-up.
Isabella: Well, some people think I'm a natural leader.
(Isabella unravels her Fireside Girl sash revealing her many accomplishment patches.)
Isabella: Huh?
Doofenshmirtz: You got, uh— You got all these for being a leader?
Isabella: Yep.
(Beat.)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, but, have you got one of these? (Doof reaches into his lab jacket and takes out a card.)
Isabella: That's a library card, and, yes, I do.
Doofenshmirtz: (puts the card back) Well, it doesn't matter, because I'm the adult. So, step aside. Doof is in charge!
(Song: Adulting)
♪ So you say you got a patch for leading people through a jungle? ♪
♪ But I've got a prescription for this anti-fungal. ♪
So I win!
Isabella: How is that winning?
Doofenshmirtz: I'm just saying I'm prepared.
Isabella: ♪ Undecided whether I should feel ♪
♪ Disturbed or scared. ♪

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I'm older and bolder, ♪
♪ Got this ache in my shoulder ♪
♪ I keep my medical records ♪
♪ In this manilla folder. ♪
Isabella: Meaning?
Doofenshmirtz: Just that I lived more.
Isabella: ♪ But I've got a better feelin' for the great outdoors. ♪

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Ya think ya know just what to do, ♪
♪ But I've got a ton more experience than you ♪
♪ In adulting! ♪
Isabella: Is that what it's called?
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I know you don't know what I mean, ♪
♪ But you're not gonna know it till ya turn eighteen. ♪
♪ It's called "adulting"! ♪
Isabella: That's not a verb.

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ When you're no longer a private, you're a sarge! ♪
♪ You're all grown up and you're livin' large! ♪
♪ Ya get to be the one in charge! ♪
Get it off of me! Get it off of me!

♪ It's called adulting! ♪
Isabella: It's still not a verb.
Doofenshmirtz: Come on, back me up, Ferb.
Ferb: It's not a verb.
Doofenshmirtz: Whatever.

Isabella: ♪ Can you read a compass? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: No.
Isabella: ♪ Or start a fire? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: No.
Isabella: ♪ Build a shelter? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: No.
Isabella: ♪ Or change a tire? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: No.
Isabella: ♪ Dig a hole? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: No.
Isabella: ♪ Pitch a tent? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: No.
Isabella: ♪ Navigate? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: No.
Isabella: ♪ Circumvent? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: No.
Isabella: ♪ Chop a tree? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: No.
Isabella: ♪ Build a snare? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: No.
Isabella: ♪ Catch a fish? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: No.
Isabella: ♪ Fight a bear? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: No.

Isabella: ♪ Now I think our only care, ♪
♪ And I think this question is really fair, ♪
♪ Is can you get us from here… ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah?
Isabella: ♪ …to there? ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Absolutely!
Isabella: You can? How?

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ By adulting! ♪
♪ Yes, adulting! ♪
Baljeet: He makes a salient point.
Isabella: Baljeet!
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I'm adulting! ♪
Baljeet: What? He sounds authoritative.
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ 'Cause I'm adulting! ♪
I'm an adult! (dusts himself off) And therefore, I, the adult, say... this way, people, single file— (screams as he falls off a cliff and tumbles a la Homer Simpson) Ooh, ooh, whoa, whoa! (Screams)
(Splash!)
Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen) I'm okay! I'm okay! The water at the bottom broke my fall. It's awfully hot, though. It's— (stammers, screams)
(A geyser sprays Doof back up to the cliff.)
Doofenshmirtz: (screams, grunts) Okay, I can confidently say that we should go that way. (Groans)

(Dissolve to a bruised and bandaged Doof limping in the lead.)
Doofenshmirtz: So we all agree that we've passed this spot somewhere between once and not more than, like, 11 times, right?
The gang (including Ferb): Yes.
(Agent P stealthily trails behind them. Suddenly, a screeching is heard. The gang turn around and see a dragon-like creature flying overhead.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, well, that's something you don't see every day.
(Doof zaps the creature with his Chicken-Replace-Inator, and the creature is instantly replaced with the nearest chicken.)
Doofenshmirtz: See? Adulting.
Phineas: What just happened?
Doofenshmirtz: Well, thanks to my handy Chicken-Replace-inator, which some people said I shouldn't bring, it switched places with the nearest chicken. Wherever that is.

(Cut back to the gang on Feebla-Oot.)
Doofenshmirtz: Now, where was I? Ah, that's right. Leading. This way, people. (Screams)
(Doof once again falls off another cliff.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, my spleen! Ow! (He crashes into a wall.) Ow!
(The gang look up to find that Doof crashed into the fortress.)
Doofenshmirtz: (groans, pants) Oh, look, we're here! See, I told you I knew the way.

(Cut to a talk show set.)
Alien Announcer: And now it's time for Wakey Wakey Feebla-Oot, with your hosts, Throat-Lobster and Booooooooooooooot!
Throat-Lobster: Thanks, everyone. So, our benevolent leader has dropped by with someone the whole planet is talking about. Please welcome, Super Super Big Doctor and... the Chosen One!
(Applause.)
Candace: The Chosen One is in the house!
Super Super Big Doctor: Isn't she just the best?
Audience: (droning) Yes. She is the best.
Throat-Lobster: So, Chosen One, how does it feel to be the most special being in the whole universe?
(Applause, cheers.)
Super Super Big Doctor: Shh!
(The audience stops applauding immediately.)
Candace: You know, it feels great. Thanks to Super Super Big Doctor, for the first time ever, I feel like... like someone, like— like I matter.
Super Super Big Doctor: Aw.
Audience: Aw.
Throat-Lobster: Aren't they both just incredible, folks?
(Audience cheers.)
Super Super Big Doctor and Candace: Oh, you're too kind. Jinx!
(The two of them do a best friend handshake and laugh.)
Candace: It's just a thing we do.
Throat-Lobster: Now, I believe our leader has a special treat for our special guest. Mm-hmm.
Super Super Big Doctor: When I scoured the universe for Remarkalonium, what I didn't know is that I'd also find... a sister.
Audience: Aw.
Super Super Big Doctor: Candace, would you do me the honor... of singing a power ballad with me?
Candace: Would I?!
(As the crowd goes wild, Candace and Super Super Big Doctor are given microphones. A band appears on stage and starts playing 1980s rock music, but before either of them can sing a note...)
Phineas: Candace! Candace, we're here! We were so worried about you.
Candace: What? What are you doing here? I'm about to duet!
Super Super Big Doctor: Who is this?
Candace: Oh, sorry. Super Super Big Doctor, these are my brothers, etc. (Referring to Doof.) I have no idea who that is.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, I'm Heinz. I'm looking for my daughter, Vanessa. Wears black. Does this a lot, (imitating Vanessa) "Dad."
Candace: Oh, no, I sent her off in an escape pod. She should be back on Earth by now.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, well, that's a relief. She's out of danger.
(Cutaway to Vanessa proving otherwise.)
Vanessa: Uh... nice alien dragon creature.
(Cut back to where we were.)
Phineas: We came to rescue you.
Candace: Rescue me? From what? A planet where people worship me? A place where I'm finally special? I'm the Chosen One for crying out loud!
(Super Super Big Doctor points her mike at the audience.)
Audience: (droning) Chosen One. Chosen One.
Phineas: Oh, well, that's neat, but, uh, chosen for what exactly?
Candace: To save the planet, okay? Ugh. Why don't you want me to be happy?
Phineas: We do, Candace. Actually, we made you a gift.
Candace: A gift? A gift isn't going to solve anything. You know what? I don't want it.
Phineas: But—
Candace: I have everything I ever wanted right here. She gets me. She sees me. I finally feel like the universe isn't against me. And I can't help but think, but, you know, maybe... that's because you guys aren't around.
(Phineas and Ferb both look down to the floor, heartbroken.)
Super Super Big Doctor: I think perhaps you should give her a little space. Don't worry, Candy-cane. I'm gonna take care of these guys.
Candace: Would you? You're the best.
Super Super Big Doctor: Braxington-ton, could you find a spot for our guests to relax?
Braxington-ton: If you'll follow me, I'll take you to your accommodations.
(Candace looks on as her brothers and their friends leave.)
Phineas: Candace!
Super Super Big Doctor: Give it up for the Chosen One!
(A spotlight hits Candace as the audience cheers some more, but Candace smiles, but then looks concerned.)

(Cut back to Phineas and the gang following Braxington-ton.)
Phineas: I can't believe Candace! I mean, I know sometimes, she seems kinda—
Isabella: (bluntly) Obsessive?
Baljeet: Volatile?
Buford: Enchanting? I mean, uh, terrifying?
Phineas: I was gonna say "unhappy". But I had no idea how unhappy she's been.
Braxington-ton: Here we are.
(The doors open and the gang gasps as they see a luxurious hotel suite.)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, you gotta admit this is a step up from that horrifying jungle. I guess it pays to know the Chosen—
(Braxington-ton pushes a button on a remote revealing a trap door under the rug, which the gang all fall through, and end up in a truck.)
Buford: Hey, where's my canoe?
(The canoe falls through hitting Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ow!
Buford: Oh, there it is.
(The doors of the truck close and the gang are taken away.)
Baljeet: Uh, guys, did anyone else happen to notice that they dropped us down a trapdoor into a shaft then launched us into this truck which is driving us who knows where?!?!
(Phineas suddenly notices they are not alone.)
Phineas: Um, hi there. Do you fellas know where this bus goes?
Borthos: We're going to prison.
The gang: WHAAAT?!?!
Isabella: That Super Super Big Doofus sent us up the river!
Doofenshmirtz: Well, Little Miss Look-At-All-My-Patches, if you hadn't insisted on leading, we probably wouldn't be in this mess in the first place.
Isabella: (pointing to a patch) Do you see this patch? Pray you never find out what it's for.
Phineas: Okay, Isabella. While I love ominous patch-related threats more than anyone—
Ferb: (coughs)
Phineas: Right. Apart from Ferb. Big fan. The bottom line is, we're in trouble. And I have a feeling Candace is, too.

(Cross-dissolve to further in the cave. They approach a boat-like substance.)
Borthos: Everyone, climb aboard.
(They do, and the boat goes over into the water.)
Borthos: Behold, the city of Cowardalia.
(The group pass through two monuments of two Cowards cowering in fear.)
Buford: So ya live in these big statues?
Borthos: Uh, no, no, no. That's just monuments we built up. The city is beyond those and— Oh, Borthos, come on!
(The gang finally reach the city. Borthos inhales to speak, but his thunder is stolen.)
Ernox: The hidden city of Cowardalia.
Borthos: Really, Ernox? Really? (sighs) Make yourself at home.
(Garnoz, an older Coward, emerges from underground.)
Garnoz: Borthos, you escaped from the scary ones. Did you hide under a tarp? Did you cower under some boxes? Did you stand very still and pretend to be modern art?
Borthos: No, Garnoz, we did not hide or cower or stand still. Although, Brizak over there is an excellent example of cubism.
(Whip pan to Brizak, who, indeed, could be mistaken for one of Picasso's masterpieces.)
Borthos: These aliens helped us escape.
Garnoz: Thank you for saving my people. You may hide and cower with us here in Cowardalia as long as you wish.
Phineas: Thanks for the offer, but we're worried about our sister. We've gotta get back to her somehow.
Doofenshmirtz: And I have to get back to my daughter on Earth.
Garnoz: We would love to help you, but we really can't.
Borthos: We're cowards.
Garnoz: Let me explain. We used to be a free and happy cowardly people.

(Cut to Super Super Big Doctor and her henchmen running onto the ship still being pursued by the cowards.)
Super Super Big Doctor: Activate anti-coward countermeasures!
(A cardboard spider emerges from the flower stopping the cowards in their tracks.)
Spider: Roar. I'm a big, scary spider. Roar.
(The mothership starts to take off. Just as the gang pursue it, Doof's phone gets a notification.)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait! It's Vanessa! She's— She's not back on Earth. She's still on this planet!
(Close-up on Doof's phone showing Vanessa's latest selfie with the caption "STILL STUCK HERE! #BuildingMakesWeirdTone")
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, okay. I'll save Vanessa. You guys go. Go now while you still can!
Isabella: But how will you get back to Earth?
Doofenshmirtz: By adulting. I learned from the best.
(Isabella smiles.)
Doofenshmirtz: Go. Go now! Go!
(The gang take off, and Isabella gives Doof a patch.)
Doofenshmirtz: What's this?
Isabella: It's a getting-back-to-Earth patch. Earn it!

(Cut back to Feebla-Oot. Doof is searching for Vanessa.)
Doofenshmirtz: All right, maybe I can figure out where Vanessa is from this photo…
(Doof notices the fortress in the background of the photo and sees the fortress in front of him.)
Doofenshmirtz: There we go. So she must be that way. All right.
(Doof falls off yet another cliff, but Perry saves him just in the nick of time.)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus! I can't believe you're here! Wait, have you been following me? All the way from Earth? Keeping me safe like a fuzzy little teal guardian ang—
(The branch they were clinging onto breaks and both Doof and Perry fall to their deaths, but then a dragon creature grabs both of them.)
Vanessa: Dad? Perry?
(Pan up to reveal Vanessa taming the dragon creature.)
Doofenshmirtz: Vanessa!
Vanessa: I thought it was you guys. How did you get here?
Doofenshmirtz: I—Well, I have no idea how Perry the Platypus got here, but I used my Galactic-Travel-inator.
Vanessa: You mean your spaceship?
(beat)
Doofenshmirtz: Yes, I mean my spaceship. Hey, where'd you get the alien dragon creature?
Vanessa: You like her? I named her Vlorkel.
Doofenshmirtz: Why?
Vlorkel: Vlorkel!
Doofenshmirtz: Ah.
Vanessa: Can I keep her?
Doofenshmirtz: Well, we're gonna need a bigger litter box.
Vlorkel: (roars)

(Cut back to Feebla-Oot, with Vanessa, Doof, Perry, and Vlorkel.)
Vanessa: Oh, Dad, I can't believe you came all the way here to save me.
Doofenshmirtz: And then you saved me. Look at you, adulting.
Vanessa: You know that's not a verb, right?
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, so I've been told. But I don't know how we're gonna get home from here.
(A chicken is heard squawking.)
Doofenshmirtz: That's it! We'll use the Chicken-Replace-inator to switch places with a chicken on Earth! Worked like a charm earlier. Come on! Get on!
Vanessa and Doofenshmirtz: (grunt)
Doofenshmirtz: Here we go, selfie mode. Everybody smile!
(Doof zaps everyone with the Chicken-Replace-inator and a chicken appears in their place. Unfortunately, pan right to reveal it was the same chicken they saw.)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait a second.
(He zaps themselves again once again switching with the same chicken.)
Doofenshmirtz: Nope, one sec.
(Zaps again.)
Vanessa: Dad.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, I get it. The nearest chicken used to be on Earth. Now there's one on this planet. So, it's nearer. So as long as this chicken is here, we won't be able to— Wait a minute. (gets out his Axe-inator) Accidents can happen.
(Cut to over Doof's shoulder to reveal the obligatory self-destruct button on the back.)
Vanessa: Dad, we're not going to kill this chicken.
(chicken clucks)
Doofenshmirtz: So what are we gonna do?

(Cut back to Feebla-Oot. Doof, Perry, Vanessa, and Vlorkel are now exhausted. Doof keeps switching the chicken with a stick.)
Doofenshmirtz: So, what do you think's happening back on Earth?
Perry: (shrugs)

(Cut back to inside the stadium.)
Super Super Big Doctor: (chuckles) It's working! Okay now, sit down.
(The crowd sits in their seats.)
Super Super Big Doctor: Stand up.
(The crowd stands back up.)
Super Super Big Doctor: GET THOSE KIDS!!!
Crowd: (droning) Get those kids. Get those kids. Get those kids. Get those kids.
Phineas: Run!
Crowd: Get those kids.
(Phineas and the gang run away from the crowd.)
Baljeet: No! My personal space! My personal space! (yelps)
(Candace climbs on top of one of the destroyed mechas.)
Candace: Phineas? Ferb?
Super Super Big Doctor: Yoo-hoo! Over here.
(The crowd separates to reveal that Phineas and Ferb are being held hostage by Super Super Big Doctor.)
Super Super Big Doctor: You and I need to have a little talk. I'm so disappointed in you, Candy Corn. We coulda been something. Two girls against the universe, side by side, and you threw it away. Oh, sister, you could have been special.
Candace: I'm not your sister. And I am special! My brothers showed me that!
Phineas and Ferb: Aw.
Super Super Big Doctor: Pfft, brothers.
Candace: And you know what? Maybe you should reconsider your relationship with your brothers, too.
Super Super Big Doctor: (scoffs) Why would I do that?
Candace: Think about it. Is it possible, just possible that this obsession you have with controlling, controlling the planet, controlling your brothers, is really just a distraction from your real problem, which is how you feel about yourself?
Super Super Big Doctor: You mean like a tiny, meaningless speck in the universe?
Candace: That's good. Keep going.
Super Super Big Doctor: It's just that everyone always thought my brothers were so special. No one paid attention to me at all. So I made myself special (getting an epiphany) by controlling everybody else. Wait a minute. This hasn't been about my brothers at all. It's just bean about my own self-worth. Wow. Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow— What a breakthrough! Wow! I don't need to do any of this.
(Unbeknownst to her, Mama is sneaking up behind her.)
Candace: Uh…
Super Super Big Doctor: Controlling all these— (to crowd) Listen. Listen to me.
Crowd: Yes?
Super Super Big Doctor: You do not have to listen to me.
Crowd: I'm confused.
Super Super Big Doctor: I am not going to control you anymore. I was seeking validation through the mindless obedience of others. But no more! Because I am enough! I am spec—(shouts)
Mama: (growls)
(Mama eats Super Super Big Doctor alive and chews her up, and swallows her.)
Mama: (roars and spews out more spores)
(Phineas and the gang scream and run away from Mama.)
Candace: Whoa!
Isabella: Well, that victory was short-lived.
Buford: Run! Run, run! It's gaining on us!
(All of a sudden, Vlorkel appears and claws Mama. It flies over to Candace.)
Buford: Yeah!
Phineas: Vanessa!
Vanessa: Quick, get on!
Candace: You tamed a space dragon?
Vanessa: Her name's Vlorkel.
Phineas and Ferb: Vlorkel, Vlorkel, Vlorkel, Vlorkel, Vlorkel.
Vanessa: Well, that's disturbing.
Doofenshmirtz: I know, right?
Vanessa: Hold on!

(Vlorkel flies out of the stadium with Mama in hot pursuit.)
Candace: Wait, how did you get back to Earth?
Vanessa: The good old Chicken-Replace-inator. Whoa!
(Cut to reveal Perry under Vlorkel trying to hide from the others.)
Candace: Chicken-Replace-inator?
Isabella: You shoot something, it switches places with the nearest chicken.
Doofenshmirtz: Vanessa remembered it had a setting for the furthest chicken. So we switched places with the furthest chicken, which was here on Earth.
(Mama begins tearing down telephone poles.)
Candace: I think we lost him!
Mama: (roars)
Vanessa: Thinking again!
(Vanessa takes the reins and Vlorkel flies away from Mama.)
Candace: Whoa, Mama!
Vlorkel: (screeches)
(Vlorkel becomes trapped in the WJOP radio antennae. She flies up to the top.)
Vanessa: Hold on!
(Pan down to Perry, he lets go and catches onto one of the girders. Mama pushes the radio antenna, tripping Vlorkel.)
Vanessa: Whoa!
(The radio antenna continues toppling. Agent P waits for a clear shot and take out both of his grappling hooks, and fires away, roping the antenna and landing it to safety. Jeremy's food truck gets into the line of fire of the WJOP call letters.)
Stacy: Oh!
(Stacy is referring to the large letter "O" coming their way. The antenna falls down, and crushes the food truck, but Jeremy and Stacy are safe.)
Vlorkel: (screeches)
Jeremy: Whoa! Hey, Candace!
Candace: Stacy! Jeremy!
(Doof falls over, with his Chicken-Replace-inator.)
Doofenshmirtz: (grunts) Okay. Ow.
Candace: Here you go. Wait. Is this the Chicken-Replace-inator?
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah. That's how we got back. We switched places with a chicken on Earth.
Candace: Hold on. Does that mean there's still a chicken on that planet?
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, I guess.
Baljeet: Grim arboreal death if we do not stop that thing!
Candace: Cover me.
Doofenshmirtz: With what?
Candace: Something's about to switch places with a chicken!
(Candace climbs on top of the "J" to get a clear shot.)
Mama: (roars)
(Candace fires at Mama, and she is replaced by a chicken.)
Phineas: Yeah! Great shot, Candace!
Buford: Yeah! I love being—
(Pan left to reveal Young McDonald's Petting Zoo, where Mama suddenly emerges from, chasing away all the animals in it.)
Candace: Why is there a petting zoo downtown?!
Baljeet: Yay, my petition worked!
Mama: (roars)
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, you gotta set it for the furthest chicken.
Candace: What?
All: Furthest chicken, Candace! Furthest chicken!
(Candace notices the control is set to "Nearest chicken." She sets the dial to "Beverly Hills", then "Beverly Hills Adjacent", then to "Furthest Chicken".)
Mama: (roars)
(Candace shoots the inator again at Mama as she is replaced by another chicken. The spores disappear, confirming she is gone. Everyone cheers. Candace takes off her gas mask.)
Candace: Hey, look, it worked! The spores are gone!

Phineas: ♪ 'Cause we're strong! ♪
Candace: ♪ And even though we sometimes disagree... ♪
Phineas: ♪ And we belong! ♪
Candace:♪ Belong together, we're a family! ♪
Doofenshmirtz and Vanessa: ♪ And the best thing about family is ♪
♪ You know they're always there! ♪
All: ♪ Yeah! ♪
Candace: ♪ We stand tall! ♪
All: ♪ And we ain't gonna take no flak! ♪
Candace: ♪ We won't fall... ♪
Phineas and Isabella: ♪ 'Cause we've got each other's backs! ♪
All: ♪ And if you're gonna try to knock us down, ♪
♪ I think you'd best beware! ♪

